[{"text": "I lost my wallet which had my pass in it. I called and they said to come down to the windows and I would have to pay $20 to replace my card. SO...... 9 months pregnant I walked what must have been a mile after the parking garage was closed that day. Got to the window and the lady said my card had been revoked and I would have to call a certain number and talked to them. End of story I called for a month straight!!!! No one ever called me back . So i called the window again and they told me the same story they had in the first place just come down and pay $20. The whold thing was rediculous I wasted about 2 months of payments that were directly coming out of my debit account and they will not refund me!!! I will never buy a pass again. Absolutely evil.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "SHAME on Disneyland!!! So now Galaxy's Edge is open - my husband and I are huge Star Wars fans so we have been anxious to visit this new part of Disneyland. \u00a0We waited to visit the park until Rise of the Resistance within Galaxy's Edge was open, and now it is but you have to be a freaking Disneyland Mega fan to know all the nuances - I mean RULES to get the privilege to maybe get a boarding pass for the attraction. \u00a0So here's what went wrong: I took a day off from work to go to the park, bought tickets, showed up at the park around 10 am and found out that RTR was already booked for the entire day! \u00a0So disappointed! \u00a0I spoke to an employee about this at the gate for RTR and was informed that I was supposed to arrive at the park at the break of dawn to maybe get admittance, oh and by the way - tickets are gone within minutes... so even if you can arrive that early, you might not get in a boarding group. So why am I shaming Disneyland? Because this ISN'T advertised!!!! How was I supposed to learn of this? \u00a0I literally loaded the app the night before to buy tickets and there were no notifications that would have let me know about the requirement to arrive prior to the park opening to MAYBE get in to RTR. \u00a0So what absolutely SUCKS is that I can't get to the park that early - honestly, I don't want to, I need the sleep. \u00a0So unless Disneyland changes the morning light lottery that is admittance to RTR, I am going to pass on returning to the park. \u00a0Why bother? \u00a0Subsequent to not getting into RTR, I learned that there are issues with some of RTR's animitronics (Finn and Kylo Ren stuck, not working) so I might not have gotten the full experience, had we gotten in. \u00a0Hope DIsneyland can work out the bugs and figure out how to accommodate guests of the park who just want to show up and ride a ride...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "i had contracted some mild form of the stomach flu the night prior to our trip to the magical kingdom. therefore, i was unable to participate in any thrilling activities with my peers; i had to sit out in fear of yacking all over everyone's faces. but that's fine, because i've been to disneyland several times before.  i got some business done during my time sitting around at the hungry bear restaurant, but that's another story for another web site.  anyhow, the conglomerations of lights coated on the castle and on \"it's a small world\" stole the attention span of, um, nearly everyone - parents and children alike. as for me, i remained a (lame) debbie downer and reminded everyone that it is, indeed, simply lights.  the firework show was cancelled, the snow was made out of soap suds and the restaurants offered virtually no vegan options that cost less than your first-born child.   i think the whole kid-being-happy-because-he's-experiencing-a-magical-childhood-moment thing is beautiful, i really do. the part that disheartens me is that the experience of said \"magical childhood moment\" was possibly contrived by pinstripes and suitcases looking to increase the profit margin.  i mean, unless disneyland, santa claus and other magical childhood things were created on the sole purpose of bringing joy to the hearts of kids everywhere, i remain jaded and skeptical. i'm happy that kids are happy! but i'm jaded and skeptical, nonetheless.  this is perhaps old-fashioned and possibly obsolete, but does simply spending time with your kids and actually bonding with them still qualify as a magical childhood moment?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This whole fast pass thing is wack. There's no guidence or help as to where to go for the rides. Okay we're too soon for the fast pass \"but you can come along this way to wait at the line if you like\" none of that. Your left to figure it out. This place isn't that fun anyway The adventure Park is really fun.  The wait time is not an issue, I get it. it's the small letters on the corners as to where the rides are. There is no sign guiding you to the star wars section. Follow the map. That's so inconvenient and dumb. They want you to get lost and walk around. Only saw goofy and Pluto standing out. No one else. The workers here are irritated and rude. I'm not too offended because I come to LA a lot and that's just the vibe in these places but I hadn't been here since I was 5. So gee thanks but no thanks.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hell on earth. First view is the sign explaining cancerous danger, should have turned around there and then. Food is criminal , in a country where you can eat well from a supermarket there's no excuse. Long waits for rides . I cannot believe how much this place costs. Happiest place on Earth ..... Must be slipping something in the water ...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Local resident. Was trying to go through security and apparently you can't enter with a GoPro stick. Had to take the bus all the way back to my car and come back again. Strongly considered just leaving and never returning, but my wife insisted on coming back. I guess they think you're going to beat someone to death with a GoPro vs. just taking some photos...you know, since it's a GoPro. Not customer friendly at all and all around very stupid!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "A classic through and through! Once again they exceeded my expectations and showed my a magical time. On this side of the resort, other than Splash Mountain being closed for refurb, most of the park rides and attractions were open for business!  I am seriously considering getting an Annual Pass because I sense that I might be back multiple times with the boyfriend!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Truly the happiest place on earth! My husband and I went in September and we've already booked our next trip back. There is always something to see or do... No matter what your mood! Wonderful staff, performers... Each one wants to make your experience memorable and special.   The attention to detail is amazing! And I love the history that is throughout the park.  For someone with food allergies, Disney went above and beyond at multiple restaurants. I never felt like I was an inconvenience, if anything...i was made to feel like a royal guest. Many times, the head chef would come out and help customize something delicious for me. They even have allergy friendly food menus too!   Highly recommend! Can't wait to go back!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest. Place. In. The. World.   I always want to go to Disney. So much fun no matter how old you are!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What a huge disappointment from Disneyland Customer Service. Not helpful and honestly quite rude! I had purchased 4 Park Hopper Tickets from my daughters elementary school auction. The tickets had an expiration date during the Covid closure and I had called multiple times over the past few months to find out what was going to happen with the validity of the tickets. I was assured that once an opening date was known that they could reissue the tickets in good faith once the park was safe to attend. Well now that they have an opening date...you guessed it! They will not do anything for me. How hard would it be to reissue a few tickets...I understand that the Disneyland closure was out of everyone's control but for them to take such a negative stance is simply sad. So much for the happiest place on Earth...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family and I had a bad experience with one of the Indiana Jones staff I believe his name was Adam/Allen. We decided to take my daughter for her 6th Birthday. Keep in mind it's her first time to Disneyland. My twin nieces and there parents also went to celebrate with us since they have the year pass. My youngest daughter didn't make the height limit for Indiana jones, my daughter and twin nieces made it... Yay. They go thru a 2nd check for there height and made it. My 4 year old and I had to go and wait on the exit side since we weren't riding. As I'm sitting there I see an Indiana jones staff member take my husband, my daughter, the twins and they're parents out of the line. He seem very aggravated and I see him grab my daughter and pull her towards the measure stick to measure her. Then he sends her with my husband then he pulls one of the twins and starts pushing her head down with his hand then pulls her aside and grabs the other twin and does the same. I saw my husbands face and the twins fathers face and they looked very upset. I got up and asked what happened and he said that the Indiana jones member wasn't letting the twins ride since they weren't \"tall enough\". This man was literally pushing there heads down. They went and spoke to the supervisor for Indiana Jones and he measure the girls himself and they passed!!! He was very apologetic and offer us a fast pass for any ride. The girls went on The ride. Overall it was a great experience till we encounter this prick I believe his name was either Adam or Allen. Complete asshole. Disneyland is a place where kids go and have a great time especially on there birthday. If you can't take pressure or can't stand kids... This is definitely not the place for you to be working Adam/Allen!!! We spoke to the manager for Indiana jones Raquel and she was apologetic but It would of been nice to had been offer to go to the park on a different day with my family. We paid so much money to go to Disneyland and have a great time with our girls and this asshole ruin our daughters first experience on her BIRTHDAY. FYI: I'm giving it \u00a01star because of the way my daughter and nieces were treated.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My 5yr old's birthday and first Disneyland visit. She had an absolute blast! I haven't been back either since the mid 90s, so it was an awesome visit back for me as well. Her fave rides are Star Tours and Buzz Lightyear shooting ride, loved Pirates and Hunted Mansion. Spent a grip for one day, but her priceless smile was worth it.  Realized her birthday falls on the best time to come, after Halloween and couple weeks before Thanksgiving...w/ abt 30-40mins wait per ride and some room walking freely about w/o stepping on ppl's toes. It's still very much magical, minus the electric parade or parade in general which is at CA Adventure and no fireworks as it's only done on the weekend. Also Small World is closed for Xmas Decorating. We'll try to make this an annual trip if we can afford to do it every year, I think every kid should be able to live out Disneyland magical dream.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Who doesn't love disney!? Period! Disneyland really is the happiest place on earth. \u00a0Now their prices aren't so happy but it's worth it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Today is the wrong day to go to Disneyland. Customer experience is a zero. Spent 1.5 hours getting from Ball to Convention Center overflow likely due to the Tinkerbell Half marathon. Avoid Disneyland today and spend Mother's Day elsewhere.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "LOVE THIS PLACE . I loved the parade, food, rides, the staff was so friendly. Definitely going back soon.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I don't know why people make Disneyland seem so great. It's really not. I've been there 3 times and I dislike it so much. I only go when I really have to like today, for my niece's birthday. She's a cute little girl who turned 6. She didn't enjoy it because she couldn't take pictures with any of the characters that came out nor did she go on the rides she wanted due to it being incredibly busy. I will not come here again due to it being over crowded, which made people agitated and aggressive, and encountering really rude employees. I expected better from them. There are a lot more reasons but those were the main points. \u00a0I warn you, don't go to the park until next year. Apparently it's been busy because it's the 60th year anniversary.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Worst visit ever! Where do I begin? \u00a0Waited in line at the Matterhorn for an hour before it broke down. Then got \"fast passes\" for the haunted mansion and guess what it's broken down! Splash mountain? Yep you guessed it broken down. \u00a0This is ridiculous, spent $1000 just to get in and walk around cause the rides are broken. \u00a0Eff this place, I hope I never have to come back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is way over priced. With these prices this park will close in the near future. The Theme is getting old for the newer generation. Yes, right now they have a Southern California special starting at $60.00 dollars which is really a 3 day pass that is $60.00 dollars per day with a grand total $180.00 dollars. The surrounding Motels are over priced. It is horrible how much everything cost. The places to eat at inside the park are over priced. After all this money hungry blood sucking is done then inside the park you get to wait in lines to ride a ride for a few hours each. My daughter, and I waited in line at the Haunted Mansion way to long. There is so many people in most of the areas you can't even walk. There is not enough bathrooms through the park on the older side of Disneyland. I seen many companies over the years flush there business down in the toilet from this kind of practice.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Absolutely, the happiest place on earth. I love walking down Main Street and getting that little kid vibes all over again. All the members were so friendly and knowledgable. I can't wait to go back and visit.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is one of my favorite places to go! \u00a0Not only do they have fun rides and cool attraction but also good food (even tho it's expensive). It brings back so many childhood memories. The best part was getting to meet Star Wars characters and going on space mountain. When I was younger I went on it once and every time after we went space mountain was closed for one reason or another, but this time I got to go on and it was as much fun as I remembered and probably my favorite ride. Can't wait to go again", "rating": 5}, {"text": "As an adult, with no kids, who is very sensitive to motion sickness, I HATED it there. First time I have ever been.  First thing that happens after you park, is you go through criminal processing. \u00a0They filter you by the bomb sniffing dog. Riffle through every single pouch on your purse including the smallest one. You walk though a metal detector. And right before you go in they take a mug shot. Again, I felt like I just went though criminal processing. \"Happiest place on Earth\" my ass!  I wanted a sense of discovery, so I never researched any rides. Huge mistake if you get motion sickness. They very carefully constructed each ride so you cant even get a glimpse of the rides to see for yourself how \u00a0much motion is involved. (Everything is hidden behind walls.) Each ride had a name that tells you exactly nothing about the ride. \"Pirates of the Caribbean?\" Is that a roller coaster? Boat ride? Log ride? That ride at the State Fair that swings like a giant \u00a0pendalum? Re Something else?!   Starving I stopped for lunch. Went to Planet Express. $8.50 for literally the worst pizza I've ever had. \u00a0I tried the hamburger pizza. Room temperature pizza with cold thousand island. 1/3 of the pizza was just yucky soft bread with sesame seeds or mustard. No even a crusty bread, it was a soft doughy mushy one. \u00a0The \"hamburger\" was a dried out flavorless Patty cut in half. Not even spread around like sausage. Literally cut in half on top of shitty pizza.   Thirsty? They have water fountains. The two I tried had such low water pressure, the water didn't reach above the mouth guard. Great way to spread international germs! \u00a0You can pay an arm and a leg for water. Or wait in line forever to get a cup. (And believe me, you'll need something to drink because there isn't much shade.)  Is there something else to be besides spend money and go on rides? Far as I could tell, no. (Unless you want to stand around for a very long time to greet a costume character like Mini Mouse, which just seems silly as an adult.) I kept looking for a pamphlet with shows or event schedules, but I couldn't find one.   I was so excited to go for the first time. I would never go again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If I could give 0 stars I would...been an annual pass holder for 2 years and this year, I didn't receive a notice that my pass had expired. When I went to Disneyland they told me I had to renew, which I would happily do; however, they told me I had to repay the $150 down payment plus the first month payment so pretty much $180. If they would've sent me a notice I could have avoided the down payment and saved $150. To make matters worse, the lady told me they don't send renewal notices anymore, then a few weeks later, my girlfriend, her whole family, and my best friend get their renewal letters so I called Disneyland and the lady told me sorry \"it's not a part of your package to get a renewal notice, it's not our obligation.\"   Ridiculous how they don't send me a notice and now I have to pay $180 AGAIN instead of just continuing to pay my monthly.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What a joke. 10am on a Thursday and everything is about an hour wait. No military discount because it's spring break. What a bunch of BS. I paid 156 a ticket and still haven't been able to take my kids on a ride yet. Pirates of the Caribbean is not in service \u00a0 \u00a0 Along with a few others", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been going to Disneyland since the day it opened ...but due to the world and it's behavior you know longer can just walk up to the ticket window get your tickets and walk right in, you have to wait to be frisked.... it is way too expensive between parking, tickets, food, and souvenirs ....too many people... even with fast pass too long of lines...too many people on scooters (disabled??) who do not have a problem running/backing into you....too may attractions closed...only thing I did like was that people are happy and having fun with their friends and family....", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Be careful of those seasonal workers. Disney needs to carefully select and train their contractors.  Our last trip to Disneyland on 5/24/2015 was very disappointing, mainly due to a rude and dishonest seasonal worker, Lauren. I let this event set in my mind for a few days so I can write the review objectively.  We were near the Astro Orbitor at night parade time. I was carrying my four years old son on my shoulder and my seven years old daughter was with my wife, along with hundreds of families there waiting to cross the square.   Lauren somehow singled us out from the crowds, perhaps because we are Asian. She was weaving her flash light at my face and telling us to go to Tomorrow land. I told her we just came from there, it was our 2nd time walk the circle, and we were waiting to cross. She started yelling: No, No, No, you must keep walking! Man, was she loud.  I know most Disney staff are very friendly and I can tell from her uniform and manner that she was new. So I calmly told her don't yell at my kids, they will be scared. She increase her voice instead: do yo want to be escorted out of the park? I can kick you guys out! Now my daughter is so scared that she started crying and asking me: dad, let's just get out here. My princess's birthday wish is to go to Disneyland, now she mad her cry!  Can you believe someone work at Disneyland, the happiest place on earth, will intentionally make kids cry! This is just wrong. (strike one).  Fortunately to our temporary relief, another group of people came over, she turned her attention to turn them back to tomorrow land. The nice Caucasian guy told her firmly that: no one is telling us to go to Tomorrow land anymore, we walked the circle twice and waiting to cross. Surprising she take that very well, no flashing light, no raise in voice. I went over ask why she yelled at us and made my daughter cry, she started accusing me of yelling at her first (strike two).  I don't believe I can reason with her anymore. So I walked about 10 feet over to talk to the manager onsite, Titto. Told him what happened and he was receptive and promised us he will deal with this issue. I requested a followup for my next visit.  When I turned around, to my horror, Lauren was harassing my wife and daughter who were just waiting there for me. She want them to leave the park. If you have been to Disney around parade time, you know how huge the crowd can be and the whole family should stick together. Lauren managed to get a security guard over and want him escort us out. Now she was telling the guard that I was touching her all the time!!! (strike three).   Just to remind you that both my hands were holding my son's legs the entire time, he was riding on my shoulder! The guard turned out to be a nice and professional guy. He told her to leave the scene and ask me what happened. So I explained the whole thing and he agreed our case wasn't handled properly, we can file a complain in the office. He laughed at her accusation. I told him that we don't have appetite for Disneyland anymore and he can to talk to Lauren and teach her some crowd management skills. So we said goodbye and left.  I understand Disneyland needs to hire seasonal workers. But Disneyland also should give them proper training so she can be courteous and effective at her job. Once in a while Disneyland can kick out some bad eggs. We have been in US for 16 years and both got advanced degrees here. We speak good English and know how to interact with people. The way Lauren talk to us is as if she was a police officer dealing with criminals, very rude and condescending. And she can also suddenly change her attitude depending on who she was dealing with. What a shame.  She might be eager doing her job, but she is doing way more harms than goods without \u00a0proper skill sets and the right attitude to treat everyone equal. If she had a badge or batton, I would be writing this review in jail or worse in hospital. I have no doubt she will use whatever power she can harness to her own satisfaction. I think she can make a good prison guard someday, but she is definitely not cut for working for Disneyland, not dealing with families and kids here.  We have Disneyland annual pass. I am not sure we will renew next time.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Most of our day at Disneyland was great, but unfortunately, there is one thing that is enough to ruin our entire experience - that is being yelled at and assaulted by a \"cast member\". While we were waiting to get on Space Mountain, \"Nick from Mission Viejo\" was responsible for getting people onto the ride. There were two seats left and my husband and myself were the next party of two in line. When he realized this he started shouting \"go go go go!\" at us to get us onto the ride. Unfortunately the family of four ahead of us spoke very little english and did not understand what was happening. Nick also did not open a side gate or anything to let us out of the line. He excepted us to shove through this poor family and run onto the ride. By the time we got in front of this confused family he muttered that we were \"idiots\" and then threw his arms out in front of us and yelled that we were too late to get on the ride.   A few moments later I tried to speak with another staff member to find out his name and he bolted across the room to intervene. He interrupted my conversation with this other staff member and told me to go speak to City Hall later (guest services at Disney). He then started shouting at me to get on the ride as we were at the front of the line. The whole experience was brutal, to be honest. I have never written a complaint about anything in my life as I've never been treated like that ANYWHERE. I fully acknowledge that Disney staff members are human - they have bad days and stuff going on in their personal lives that will of course affect their mood. I don't except smiles 24/7, or even for everyone to be outwardly pleasant. However, I do except to not be screamed at or called an idiot. It's pretty embarrassing to spend 350 bucks on park hopper passes only to be abused by some park employee. Never going back to Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "As I am an annual passport holder with parking, and pay more than enough money to do so......... Those bloodsuckers! And I really enjoy the park, however on my last few visits I have been told that we can not park in the parking structure and that we would have to park at the other lot or the convention center, really! You want me to park another 1/2 mile away from the park?!?!?! Not only that but to get out of the chip and dale lot, I had to show my parking pass, wth? I'm pretty sure I had to get in here by showing u my pass and now this???? Annoying! And this is why I give 1 star", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's become very clear that Disney's Leadership Team (DLT) does not understand the current customer experience at Disneyland. In an effort to be seen as both a Resort getaway for vacationers, and a single-day park experience for locals + annual pass holders, the park ends up being an overcrowded experience that disrespects both parties. The disrespect is felt in different ways, but ultimately it boils down to the same reason: People don't feel like they are getting their money's worth. I will focus on the experience from a vacationer's point of view, as that was my most recent experience. Also, my breakdown will be focused on the parks, not the hotel (which was fantastic and exactly as advertised. A big thank you to the cast members at the Grand Californian for a wonderful stay).   As a vacationer, the perk of \"Magic Hour\" felt wasted. By the time you finish getting through security lines and gate entry lines, you have about 30-40 minutes before the park 'opens'. Well, sort of. Multiple rides, shops, and in some cases entire lands were closed until general admission at 9am. General admission was also given access to Main Street starting at 8:15 (my guess to allow for Rise of the Resistance boarding), which results in another line that requires you present magic hour credentials. So, what exactly was the benefit of this hour? To wait in a 30-50 minute line just to enjoy one ride before the larger crowds swarmed in. Then, the real day begins... \u00a0  For most of the day, about 75% of your time will be spent waiting in line: lines for attractions, lines for food, lines for the restroom, lines for characters, lines for shows etc. For example, we waited over an hour with FastPass Tickets just to get semi-decent viewing access to the World of Color show. Something we noted to the cast members, but it seemed to fall on deaf ears.  What's unfortunate, is the cast members have been given this incredibly difficult challenge of corralling enormous amounts of people without the proper support or infrastructure. As a result, the overall experience feels shortchanged. You are rushed through every segment of entertainment at a brisk pace by cast members so exhausted that they don't even have the energy to smile through the pain, and the pace also robs you of any moment to just breath and take in the artistry that was signature to Disney's \"Magical\" quality. The sad part? We were there for what is considered a \"quiet\" time of the year. I can't imagine what's it's like to work there as cast member during normal or peak season. To the folks who work at Disneyland, I am so sorry that you have to deal with this nonsense on a daily basis. You are not paid enough and your Leaders have failed you and your org.  Overall the experience was a major letdown. My fianc\u00e9 and I had fun at certain moments, but a lot of our fun was in spite of the surrounding park experience, not because of it.  The DLT needs to make a choice, because Disneyland will never have the size and scale of operation of Disneyworld to support both types of audiences. They need to either A) focus on catering to the single-day experience for locals, or B) cater to the resort stayers / multi-day hopper passes and eliminate single-day entry. Prices can be raised to accommodate for the loss of whichever audience type they are willing to forego. Either way, something needs to be done to reduce the capacity, so that the park can truly enjoyed by both cast members and customers alike. Until the DLT figure out what they want Disneyland to be, save your money and go to Disneyworld if you want the real experience of being at a Disney park.  P.S. I hate ending things on a negative note, so I will say the highlight of the trip was Galaxy's Edge. While it's unfortunate that all the new additions seem to be being tied to an existing IP rather than being an original story specific to the parks (something I wish Disney would get back to), the land had the best food, unique merchandise and experiences, and two amazing attractions. RotR and Smuggler's Run were the two best storytelling experiences that were so impressively done that even my non-star wars fan fianc\u00e9 felt was fully immersed in the narrative. Great work by the Imagineers as always.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Kathy from Norco (She was working at the main entrance gate at Disneyland) has absolutely zero customer service skills. I went to the park with my daughter yesterday 12/21. Upon entering the park I quickly proceeded to get fast passes through the Disney app and the app was showing that my daughter was in the park and not me so it was not allowing me to proceed. We remained right in the entrance area. I quickly spoke with another employee who was taking surveys and he let one of the ladies who was scanning people in, she scanned my pass then called someone (KATHY) who came and took my pass then disappeared for 5 or so minutes. When she came back she told me to step outside the gate. She then tells me when an attitude that someone just used my pass to enter that park a minute before I tried to use it. I tried to calmly explain to her what has happen but Kathy has a huge attitude and did not want to hear me out... She kept repeating herself that she needs to conduct an investigation (I think it makes her feel good about herself to say that over and over again... it makes her feel like somebody lol) So there I stood fuming while she went off doing who knows what for 15-20 minutes, wasting my time just to turn around and let me in. This lady has no business working at the happiest place on earth and I hope that complaint I filed really materialized in some additional training for her... Thankfully my daughter and I went on to enjoy our day at the park \u00a0The first rule in customer service is to let the customer talk... not constantly cut them off because you think you're important. That's not good customer service and definitely not a good image or representation of Disney", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Staff was extremely rude from the welcome gate. Threatened to kick us out for a mistake on their end, which left a very bitter memory. No respect for paying customers; their motto should be \"if you don't like it, then turn around and leave.\" They are not interested in customer satisfaction and have an overall negative attitude towards people. Only 1 employee working at the park was pleasant, every other employee looks like a depressed, burnt out high school kid who would rather not be there. Very unfriendly faces at every ride, did not feel welcome. Morale of Disney has gone down. Won't be returning here.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Never disappoints me, yeah it's expensive but I have have a great time with who ever I go with. Food is great at some places like Plaza Inn, Carnation Cafe Pizza planet. \u00a0Churros are always the best idea although Starbucks is kinda of a wait. Overall the park is great with it's classic and new rides. I love rise against the resistance Disney Really hit the a lot with that one.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is the 6th year I have gotten an annual pass! It is my son's 2nd year having his and we just can't get enough of Disneyland! Finding parking, getting through security, waiting for the tram, and the lines can get a bit crazy since there are so many people, but what else can you expect from the happiest place on Earth! We sometimes bring our own snacks and water since it can get a bit pricey. They have the best turkey legs, corn on a cob, and churros!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The security measures make me sick. So if you go through California Adventure and exit through the Grand Californian into Downtown Disney the asshole guards search you all over again? And why? To get into the fucking park or the downtown area you are already searched. So WTF is going on? And they're not polite. And also nobody in my group had a hijab. That's what they're really looking for. Ever see security like this before 9/11? Nope  The parking is ridiculous also. $18?   Fast pass should be called \"Fats Ass\" because that's who you'll be sitting next to on any ride. The obesity rate of Disneyland is out of hand--and all the fatties suck down churros etc while they walk with no shame. Yet smokers get the stink eye. Get real.  Not fun any longer. Iger maximizes profits and minimizes fun.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is the most amazing place on the planet. Expensive, but amazing. I mean I could go on for hours about how fun we have every time we go. Can't wait to visit again next month", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is the happiest place on earth. I'm lucky enough to live in SoCal and try to make the trip annually. This place is for everyone", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland. The rides, the food, the helpful cast members are all great. It's the crowds that make this place unenjoyable.   What I really don't get about disneyland is that they raised the prices to prevent over crowding, but they host multiple schools' grad nights while the park is still open for the public.   This creates extremely long lines for rides that are usually 5-10min waits, you can't walk freely, you are always crammed by people in all directions, &amp; it makes it impossible to get to your next destination.   I'm not saying not to host grad night at all. I'm just saying it would be nice if they can host grad night while the park is not open for the public at all. It will be a fun experience for the seniors who are graduating because they will have the whole park to themselves &amp; it'll be more enjoyable to pass holders &amp; 1 day ticket guests because the crowds won't be as chaotic.   As a pass holder, yes I can come back any time I please. As for those guests who only come once a year or once in a lifetime &amp; they have to put up with this chaos, is just unfair. I know that life is unfair, but this is just a suggestion... We all pay a lot of money to enjoy ourselves &amp; it would be kindly appreciated if someone took this suggestion into some consideration.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "When buying tickets we're told will get to see a firework show. Never happened. Apparently not for the whole month..\"all a sudden?\" 3rides are down..one of them since the last time iwas here 12years ago APPARENTLY! \u00a0 Just didnt feel the \"magic\" at all. Ill take my future family vacations elsewhere from now on.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is so amazing.... \u00a0I went twice in the last few months, I called and asked if I could combine \u00a0my park tickets for a yearly pass and was told, it's up to the ticket booth teller. they said that some of the ticket booth agents are supervisors and it's purely their decision..... I could not believe it..... I paid for a park hopper twice and Disneyland would not allow me to include one for a yearly pass.....very disappointed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always a wonderful place. I've been when its low-crowds and I've been when it's maxed out crazy. Do a little research before you go and learn how to navigate this park, and you will have a wonderful time. If you walk in for the first time and try to wing it, yes- it's possible you won't have a good time. Also, it's soooo much more than just rides. For the haters, I just can't relate to you, at all. Love Disney!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My favorite place in the world, makes me the absolutely happiest! Love the new maxpass fastpass &amp; mobile order options they've added! Love eating at Bengal BBQ &amp; Blue Bayou!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We purchased tickets for today, including upgrades to max passes but the park is closing early and we had no notice of this when purchasing tickets last month. We got 3 rides with the passes and its 2:30 and we cannot reserve any other rides although the park closes at 6pm??? Very disappointing end to our vacation. Universal and Knott's did much better with the fast passes than Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I was waiting in line for space mountain....JUSTIN told me that I \u00a0can not be in this line because he did not know who put me there. \u00a0I had pointed to the other cast member who did and he still pulled me out of the line. I asked for his supervisor, as the supervisor came to talk to me I let him know what his cast member was doing gave me new fast passes and apologize. \u00a0At that time, \u00a0I was not feeling good anymore, so I went to customer service and ask them if they can put the fast passes and my membership since i was not feeling good because of how one of their cast members treated me. I wasn't asking for anything extra just if i can come on another day to enjoy the fast passes I was given. Plus, they had done this for me before. The manager was so unprofessional telling me she did not care how the cast member treated me and my children and she could not accomodate me and she was going to file in my membership that I was aggressive and call security on me. Me and my children look at each other like what was she talking about! Is she kidding? \u00a0I left the park feeling horrible and my children surprised on how we were treated. I been a member for about 10 year now with my husband and children and never been treated like this. This will be my last year coming here the cast members seem like they hate their jobs and so did the manager. I thought this was suppose to be the happiest place on earth... More like hell on earth!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love Disneyland! Absolutely amazing place to visit and experience. Would recommend this to anyone who is willing to walk a lot and spend a lot of money on souvenirs for your family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am so upset at Disneyland. I used their app to renew my pass for the 9th year in a row. The app glitched which resulted in Disneyland duplicating my pass and double-charging me for the same contract. I caught the charges in January and immediately filed a dispute with my bank. Within the 10 days of my banks dispute process I contacted the park and described my situation to them. The gentleman cancelled the duplicate contract and refunded my money. Disneyland continued to charge my account for 3 more months until May. In May I went to the park for the 5th time since my dispute and my card was marked as invalid. I called annual passholder support and they notified me that Disneyland did not receive payment for January. I contacted my bank which informed me that disneyland was given 30 days after the dispute closed to notify my bank that they would still accept payment for my original annual pass contract. Fast forward a month and I have called Disneyland weekly. I have spoken to 6 annual passport support team members (and been hung up on by one after she put me on \"hold\"), I have spoken to Disneys corporate office, I have left a voicemail for annual passholder support supervisors, I have left a voicemail for Disneyland resorts billing department, I have emailed disneyland resort twice through their website and did not receive a response within their 5 day window. I have not been able to use my pass for a month and Disneyland is forcing me to pay my pass in full to gain entry to the park. I have been making monthly payments and have never had an issue for the last 9 years in a row. This glitch is a mistake that Disneyland made and now they are refusing to fix it or take payment from a separate card. I keep getting passes around to various departments all with the same response from staff who are not authorized to accept the measly $45 they are \"missing\" from me. I am a full-time masters student and I can only work two days a week. This pass has always been my way of decompressing when I need a break from school and work as a therapist. If I could pay my pass in full I would not sign up for monthly payments year after year. I am so exhausted and disappointed in Disneyland which is no longer the happiest place on earth for me.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland promotes the idea of being the \"Happiest Place on Earth\", but seriously, let the truth be really told it's \u00a0the \"Greediest Place on Planet\". I went to Disneyland, Anaheim with my wife and four kids yesterday and we knew nothing about the parking lot redirected. We followed the detour signs, fought with the usual weekend traffic and even with the Anaheim police \"posing\" as traffic enforcers (they just fucking look lost and did nothing), it still took us almost an hour to the guided parking lot. I was still required to pay a stupid parking fee of $18.00 for all my inconvenience, but wait, a lot of the attractions were not only closed for \"refurbishments\" but the much awaited firework at 9:25pm was cancelled due to wind (honestly, the wind in my ass is 10x stronger than that!). Folks, I say save your time and money, go somewhere else where you are seen and treated other than a cash cow. Most if not all of the stuff my kids bought at Disneyland is made from China anyway. Fuck Disneyland!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great time's with the family good check point at entrance to keep us safe,Big line's but they go fast and you get to talk and meet great people from all over the world", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland used to be a good place to go. \u00a0Recently they are more focus on $$ - which I understand that they are a business and needs to make a profit. \u00a0But now they are just \u00a0and only focus on the money and not the guest experience at all. \u00a0They have policy that in order to follow you will have to time travel (good luck inventing a time machine) in order to meet their policy. \u00a0This was pointed out to them by myself and they actually wanted me to go into that time travel. If you try to go along with their policy, you will most likely be screwed on way or another as they make it complicated so that there is no way for you to do so. \u00a0The person I was speaking to Rachel, she would just hang up on you after saying that you are not worth her time. \u00a0Such is the disneyland magic. The park itself have good people who attend - most people are there to enjoy themselves. \u00a0The staffer there are by and large very helpful. \u00a0The managers are a pain to deal with if you ever encounter one. \u00a0I wonder if they have a missing place in their hearts after working in the role that they do. \u00a0They will acknowledge something as un-reasonable, but on the next half sentence say its prefectly reasonable to enforce said un-reason rule. \u00a0I will give them credit though, that it takes a heartless type of personality to do something like that (and a completely heartless type personality is rare) so good for Disneyland to find them and employ them... \u00a0 But that goes into the overall experience though. \u00a0When something is filled with heartless upper manager and low paid (but super pleasant staff) they does change the dynamics of the company. \u00a0I am interested to see how disney continues to change and damage their disney brand and magic.   I am sure once I post this review, they will flag by account and make it even more miserable to be at Disneyland. \u00a0That is cooperate disney for you now.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We had the worst experience at your park with the city hall cast members! Cavan and Sarah were totally disrespectful towards our special needs! I would never recommend this park to any of my friends and family! \u00a0I can't wait to cancel my annual pass membership! \u200d", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love love love this place Been a season pass holder for 2 years and will continue to be. There is nothing quite like it. Waiting impatiently for Star Wars land", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's just not the same anymore. I won't be renewing my pass. To many changes. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Magic and class at Disney is gone in my opinion", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth!!! More like \"most annoying place on earth\".   Always crowded. Everyone is happy. And everything is super over priced.   Working as an employee is just as horrible.   Overall, my Disney days and magical moments are done with.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I bought my family annual passes on thursday (2 days ago). My husband's work schedule just changed and is unable to go with us. He has not used his pass once yet. I went to disneyland today to see if i could return his pass or even exchange the pass to upgrade mine. I received horrible customer service, they were not helpful and refused to help me out. I can't believe how selfish disneyland (a billion dollar company is) in refusing to accomidate my situation. I didn't even want a cash refund, I was totally cool with using the credit for an upgrade to my daughters or my own pass! Really disappointed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Cast members rude. Never coming again it's not worth it. If they don't make improvements sad to say never will bring my kids here. Fast passes not even worth it. I rather got to universal or six flags at least there they are more friendly and helpful and even more fun. They really need to make improvements. NOT WORTH MY MONEY!!!!! Don't waste your time.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am a season pass holder so note that this Review is not aimed at the overall park experience. I'm writing this because of the outrageously ineffective process for being \"accepted\" to ride the new Star Wars experience Rise of the Resistance. The name is suitable because upon entering at exactly 9:02a our request to set up a boarding time was resisted!  We drove hours, came at park opening and we were told that all opportunities to experience the ride were already booked! How does one secure a spot? I had my app in hand and was ready to secure a reservation just to be told that none were available all day.  This is a faulty process and I urge Disney operations to relook at how this ride is \u00a0offered!  Also, this was mid week winter and the park traffic was light.  What a disappointing day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I will be \u00a0every \u00a0happy \u00a0person AND \u00a0have good time with my school friends with me and mom and my family and friends with me and", "rating": 5}, {"text": "WOW, I can't believe this happened at the \"Happiest Place on Earth\" My friends, non-veteran, wanted to go to Disneyland and California Adventure on March 28, 2019. I researched the prices and found the Military/Veteran discount ticket. I walk to the ticket kiosk and requested the military ticket option and presented my CA license which reflect my Military Veteran Status the guy at the kiosk said we don't accept that ID. \u00a0REALLY! He said he needed the actual Military ID, so I presented my Veteran ID, and he said that was not acceptable also! What Liars! This is how they show appreciation to Military and Veterans....especially disabled vets like myself!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Every time I go here I see something scary happen! From fist fights to yelling arguments to parents hitting their kids, it's an awfully depressing place.   That and there is awful PDA everywhere! I saw a one member of a couple feeding \u00a0ice cream to another member so that the either member was sticking it down his throat very very suggestively and X-ratedly in the Tiki Room.   I also always see people basically dry humping each other in the lines. I don't care if you hold hand. But full on dry sex in the line for \"Small World\" when you are surrounded by small children???? Where is your sense of consideration???", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is over-rated and super expensive. I went with family off season in February and I spent most of the day waiting in line. \u00a075 minutes here and 90 minutes there. \u00a0There is a line from the moment you step inside the park - a line to take pictures at the gate, a line to meet the characters, a line for bathroom, a line for food, big lines to get fast pass to get in more lines, and of course the line for rides. \u00a0From 9am to 9pm, we've only gone on 6 rides and participated in one entertainment activity - the parade (which by the way is very disappointing). \u00a0That's on average $15 per ride and 6-9 hours wasted standing looking at people's back/neck/head and kids crying. \u00a0Also, the Fantasmic show is under refurbishment when I went. \u00a0That's a signature entertainment activity for Disneyland! \u00a0Aside from the park entrance ticket which by itself is very expensive, if you want better viewing, you need to pay extra $$$. \u00a0The park is filled with money grabbing scheme and I really think its current business model deviates from Walt Disney's intention of creating the park. In addition, \u00a0I don't know what's wrong with people coming to the supposedly \"happiest place on Earth\"; parents are just so aggressive and rude. I encountered a few disputes fighting over better viewing spots at the parade during the 1 hour I waited for the start of the parade. Then, there are people cutting or simply standing in front of you completely oblivious of small children behind you. I don't know what's so happy about going to Disneyland anymore.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Besides the crowds, what can you say? Amazingly clean, very safe, amazing customer service. Why no beer carts in dinsneyland park?", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm 37 years old and I go here every year. My favorite place away from home. I have taken my kids here since they were 6 months old. The customer service here is amazing. The cast members work so hard. I love talking to them all, so full of Disney knowledge. \u00a0I know people come here for the rides and try to finish the park in a day (you cannot in one day) but there is such much more.... details, history, cast member in or out of costume play there part. I love this place \u00a0my kids love it to.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I mean, what else is there to say about Disneyland??? It's fricken magical! I haven't been to Disneyland in over 11 years! It was great going back, but this time, I got to experience the magic with my bf (who hasn't been &amp; our 2 daughter's (1 &amp;7)! \u00a0 We did go at the end of July, so it was very hot. But nothing that a $16 mist fan can't fix lol. Yes, their souvenirs are expensive, but at least you can say, \"I got it at Disneyland!\"  We never got to dine in at any of the small restaurants in the park, but we did get to try the huge turkey leg (the only reason my bf wanted to go Disneyland lol jk) and chimichanga. Both were very delicious and fulfilling! The turkey leg was so delicious that we bought half a dozen to bring back to Hawaii LMAO.  Of course we will be back! What's not to love about the magical experience, the friendly and helpful staff, the fun rides, and the delicious food?!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I used to go to Disneyland every half year or so and it had been great experience. \u00a0I visited Disney on 3/13 again and it was a huge disappointment. The wait time was 40-65 mins on average, and constantly 160 mins for spacemountain... well... not my first time hear that, it's okay. \u00a0 But what really troubles me is that so many rides were being closed at the same time and they didn't provide people with advance notice! \u00a0Like other user said, many attractions were closed for renovation. \u00a0That's also why the wait time for rides are now longer, because you don't get much options!  The courtesy level and service of Disney and its employee have also slipped tremendously. \u00a0I am not expecting to be treated like VIP, but the way they handle problems are horrible. \u00a0My family was lining up for Big Thunder Mountain for at least an hour and we were literally 5 people away when the staff told us that the ride had a mechanical failure and it will take at least an hour to fix. \u00a0He said everyone needs to leave and there is nothing he can do, and this is usually and happens like 2-3 times a day. \u00a0This made people who had lined up there for hours felt like idiots, a fastpass given to those people would be nice and fair. \u00a0But the staffs were acting like this is none of their business, there is nothing they can do, and keep telling people that this happens regularly everyday and visitors just need to suck it up.  Well, fine, it's just a ride, since so many rides were closed already, can't hurt to add one more. \u00a0We decided to leave Disney around 9ish and went to tram station, now the tram for some reason was broken! HELLO?? To avoid congestion, the staffs started to tell people that it will take sometime for them to fix the problem and ask everyone to walk to the parking lot, they told everyone \"it's only 10 minutes of walking distance and would be faster than the Tram.\" \u00a0With that large crowd of people, it took everyone like 30 minutes to get there..... when we arrived the parking structure, we already saw trams being fixed and unloading people... it is the last straw that breaks the camel's back... Goodbye Disney~ don't be surprised if you find the number of your visitors goes down.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is by far the worst at customer service. I am participating in the Star Wars race this weekend and am already a signature pass holder, but this weekend is blocked for my pass. When I called to see if I could get a discount, Disneyland's response was simply sorry. I am driving all the way down from Northern California to participate in a 200 dollar race at the park, hotel for two nights for 300. I hoped that the happiest place on earth could at least work with me, but no, especially because I showed interest in them by buying the annual pass. It's the most expensive place on earth. And it did not list 2016 block out dates when I initially bought my annual pass in July.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "definitely a great date spot. alcohol was unique and delicious here. the food wasn't overpriced like I have heard. lines suck but that is every theme park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Greediest place on earth!!! Corporate greed made Disney very expensive place to go. After all who wants to go there where entrance fees are 200 dollars. \u00a0We went to downtown to stroll. Churro cost 6dollars for half of size. Parking is the most expensive in Southern California, 18 dollars for 1 hour and 4 minutes. Looks like Disney is turning into greasiest place on earth from happiest place on earth . I would not to take my family anymore. Please take your family to universal or knots berry farm. They got better experience and better rides for you bucks.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Today I experienced a problem with my annual pass to Disneyland. I called Passport Guest services and spoke with a supervisor named Sabeen. \u00a0I was appalled at the treatment I received. \u00a0She was rude, unhelpful and said that any issue I experienced was my fault not the web site or any problem of Disney. \u00a0She refused to give me her employee number or any information so I could report to an upper level. She said she was the last word and there was no further option to review my problem. \u00a0This level of service hardly seems fitting for a company that stresses they are the \"most happy place on earth\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Such a wonderful place, its a place for kids, teens, adults and people of all kinds!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place really needs a review? It's Disneyland!! Of course there's going to be lines, people all over the world come to visit the happiest place on earth. All of the attractions are always kept up to date, the park is always clean. Staff is amazing, there are the VERY RARE staff members that are only there for a paycheck. The food and drinks are overpriced, but where else can you enjoy your Mickey ice cream? The parades are great for the little ones (and adults) and everyone of all ages will enjoy their firework show and water show. Just remember you're not the only one who paid an arm and leg to travel to Disneyland, millions of people travel to the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Worse place ever lines long. And when you are waiting with kids 5 and under for hr for a two min ride, but we paid the high price for what, it has taken the fun out.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Went to Disneyland Friday arriving 1:30pm. Told we had to pay full price even for 1/2 day. Wait - gets worse. Favorite ride ('Pirates' STILL not open; no sign at the ticket counter). Hold on - not finished: everyone has to be out of the park by 7pm due to a Halloween celebration. Extra cost to attend includes a wrist bracelet. Don't have one? Can't ride after 7pm. Oh, one more thing: tried to buy a bag of Cheetos at 7:05pm on the way out of the park - I was starving. BUT NO DEAL - couldn't buy a lousy bag of Cheetos because I didn't have that wrist band. I paid $80 for WHAT? 5 hours of the park at FULL price. So much for the Disney Experience. Nice Disney! The economy must not be bad in YOUR park!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great place to bring your family but bring a pa led lunch because sometimes the food can be a little pricey but other then that it's amazing would come here again", "rating": 5}, {"text": "You can kiss us good bye after 16 years of being annual pass holders. \u00a0We have been deluxe or higher since getting them. We spend about $2.5k yr on passes and another $3k on purchases in the park over the year. \u00a0To spend this kind of money and to be treated like we don't matter when I need to renew a pass 2 days late is unacceptable and now we will probably let all our passes lapse and decide to spend our money elsewhere. What a shame this is how Disney treats annual passholders that continue to put up with your never ending price increases. \u00a0Walt Disney must be so proud of how they maintain his legacy ........", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is so nostalgic and wonderful for a day with family, friends or even for a date! I used to have an annual pass and came almost every other Friday, it was amazing. Getting a pass allows you to slow down and just enjoy the environment so much more than if you paid for a one day pass because you know that you'll be able to come back again and hit the spots that you weren't able to this time around. There are honestly so many details and so much happening in the parks that it is difficult to choose what exactly you want to do. My recommendation would be to actually go to some of the shows because they are so extravagant and fun. Don't just focus on the rides! At Disneyland park, I would recommend going to Mickey and the Magical Map, the fireworks, and Fantasmic. There is so much to eat and buy that it may be overwhelming but have a good time. The lines will be long and there's a lots of walking but also lots of great memories made. If you are willing to splurge for an additional $15, you can get the Maxpass and not take a step to get a fast pass. The program is entirely on the app and you are able to create a party on your account so that your entire party is able to get the same fast passes. It is really a life changing addition to your park visit and it also comes with unlimited photos via Photopass. I highly recommend it because it will lessen the amount of time you spend in lines and give you the opportunity to fit in smaller rides and shows between your reservations. You are able to get another fastpass as soon as you use it through Maxpass so you can maximize the number of fast passes you can get.  You must get the Disneyland app! It's the only way to become a pro at navigating to the next ride with a short wait time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Shame on you Disney. Lines that are hours long - on a Tursday during the school year. Absolutely NOT THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH - especially to a 6 year old from Minnesota that saved her money from chores for over two years to spend here. You should limit ticket sales, pure and simple. With the cost of a ticket, Disneyland = nothing but GREED.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "way too exp. barely able to take one child. I don't think this is what disney himself intended. I guess only the well off are wanted there. Not fair to the hard workers of the world with small children. THANKS for showing children what they can't have.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am so sad I gave up my pass. This place really is everything. From the second you walk in, you instantly feel like a new person. There is not a care in the world. You can be whoever you want to be. This really is the place that dreams are made of. Get a corn dog, a churro, the dole whip and check out the enchanted tiki room. Ride Space Mountain, peter pan and try to pull the Excalibur out of the stone. See the fireworks, parades and stop a character for a picture. Do everything you possibly can while you're there because there is so much to do. You will continue to come back and do something different or eat something new every time. I love you Disneyland. Thank you for all the amazing memories.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Thats pretty sad that we now have to plan and save to go to Disneyland which is in our own backyard. I have never taken my son cause its just very expensive. \u00a0But on the bright side he loves Magic Mountain and Knotts. Its a magical place ruined by its overpriced fees.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This was my first visit to Disney &amp; definitely my last. I'm sorry to say this place is such a waste of money.   At $135.00 a pop you are not guaranteed any rides. You are not even guaranteed walking space since the park is always congested to the point of annoyance.  The park workers are not friendly or helpful and most seemed impatient &amp; upset screaming instructions at the top of their lungs to patrons.  There was a general lack of Disney characters. We seriously saw nothing remotely close to Minnie or Mickey.   Good luck taking pics. There were just too many people around.   Very unfortunate because for all the hype this place fell tragically short.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Absolutely stunning and magical experience. The price and lines are worth it for the rides and decor. Love the food, service and fast pass system. A lot of people do not like how crowded the park is, but why is the park crowded? Because everybody loves Disney! And if a few people on yelp did not like it, then they apparently did not visit some nice original rides or look at the fire station ( Walt's apartment for while they were constructing) Disney is awesome! The effort they put into them wing every land and ride and section of the park is awesome! It can seem upsetting if you do not bring strollers for little ones or water bottles but people need to chill out. It is an awesome experience. I recommend going for multiple days so that you can do everything, download the Disneyland app so that you can see map and have up to date wait times, and bring pocket charger as your battery will drain through the day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Um, it's Disneyland. The Happiest Place on Earth. How is it possible this place ever gets a bad review? Don't go in the Summer when it's a gong show. Go in off-season and avoid the Disney \"death march\"", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Had a wonderful experience at Disney, as always! The new Guardians of the Galaxy ride is amazing!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Wacker than the UK weather  If your an adult looking for a fun day out at an amusement park do not trust the other reviews and go to Disney. Firstly there's not even any rides there just all attractions whatever that means. Secondly I know it's a kids park but in the middle of a school week it's ludicrous the amount of kids that were in the park you literally couldn't move anywhere. The queues are ridiculously long and the attractions are less than a minute long and for kids. \u00a0I spent $104 on this rubbish park and $20 on parking and was so disappointed as loads of adults claimed how great it was. If you looking for something fun to do go to Universal Stuidoos theme park like I did the very next day after going to Disney. \u00a0 Also I feel there was some racial profiling going on after standing in every queue well over 45 minutes when I eventually got to the front my party of two was made to wait while there was room for us to go or they'd let people behind me on the ride/attraction before me who had the same amount of people or more. Apart from the park being way overpriced for nothing I won't be returning simply because of the treatment I received by the workers.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wow.....The happiest place on earth!   Disneyland is our favorite place to visit my kids LOVE it we come almost every year.   Can't wait for this summer!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is so much fun and you really feel like a little kid once you are in the park. We try to go at least once a year and we have never been disappointed. It is the happiest place on earth but make sure you have the budget for your trip...the happiest place on earth is also one expensive trip.   If this is your first time in the park, I would suggest reading tips and tricks online because it can be very overwhelming your first time in the park so getting a few tips is worth it.   There are tons of food options throughout the park if you get hungry but you are also allowed to bring in your own snacks and an empty water bottle. Throughout the park there are water stations so you can fill up and not spend money on water.   The MaxFast Pass is worth the additional $10 a day because requesting fast passes, seeing ride wait times, finding the closest bathroom, and restaurants is all right in your phone. You also get all of the pictures that were taken in the park or on the rides which is great!   The park opens at 8am and if you want to maximize your ride time, you really should get to the park at opening and get as many rides in as you can before the crowd gets there.   I cannot wait for our next trip because it really is a magical day!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The Happiest place on earth. Love coming to Disneyland with my kids. So much to do and see in so little time. Thinking about getting the annual passport.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland, where to start?! This attraction was worth ever cent! I always thought and heard it was overrated and not worth it, I wasn't thrilled to go, but making my daughters dreams come true I bit the bullet and went. If you haven't gone, GO! There is no where else I've been where they have been extremely pleasant, accommodating, genuinely kind, helpful, and every single member of the Disney Family held up their part with the upmost enthusiasm and dedication. Prices for items were very much feasible to any theme park. We had 13 in our party including 1 who has handicapped and never once did we become a hassle. Literally the kindness rubbed off on ALL guests and everyone was courteous and smiling! There was no task too small or too big that they weren't prepared for. The attractions were magical! Put you in the middle of your favorite movies. The wait times were highly reasonable. My daughters have not stopped talking about JEAN, Jean was the young lady guiding us at the Haunted Mansion..... she was delightful! Full of energy, funny, comical, and personable. Food is a big topic when planning Disney. They have something for everyone. We opted for the easy food for all and had burgers and chicken nuggets. $150 feed all 13 of us so I honestly did not think it was too rediculous. I absolutely loved the whole experience and WILL GO BACK!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Absolutely love Disneyland. \u00a0I have an annual pass and love to go for a few hours or for a day. \u00a0There will always be crowds but it comes with the territory. No matter what you almost always feel like a kid when you're here.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The cast members as there. Called at disneyland are by far the worst trained folks in customer service , from yelling at people to trying to make them look stupid, i saw the staff attack a ladie with a selfie stick, thought i was watching an episide of cops. Been going here my hole life , have brought my kids here there entire life but now im done.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Last year I renewed my pass for the eighth year but this year I'm not going to renew. I pay all this money for my pass I can't even enjoy myself because of the amount of people that go every day. I go in the morning I go in the afternoon Monday through Friday and still is so overly packed. $1149 it's just too much to pay", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Favorite place to go for everything from breakfast to lunch to dinner and the place to go release stress and just enjoy the happiness in the air", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Do not waste your time or money visiting this place ! Complete dump! All they care about is getting your money. My family and I went \u00a0yesterday and spent about 600+ for admission, parking plus food. We had the most horrible experience ever ! None of the rides worked, spent an hour in line for indiana jones only to find out the ride was malfunctioning and they shut it down (this happened at least 5xs for this specific ride) After that waited an hour in line for haunted house and right when we got inside they evacuated us and closed the ride. Apparently the haunted house ride broke down while people were on it. DANGEROUS MUCH ?! After that I was ready to leave and so was my family. Went to guest services and of course they said no refunds but they did give us free tickets to come again, ugh. I will be calling corporate. Disneyland should at least have something on their website stating the difficulties they are having with the rides &amp; delays because this apparently is an ongoing thing. At least that way ppl can make an informed decision on whether or not they want to go, they should also be giving out refunds ! I've been checking the Disneyland app since then and even today all the rides are being closed. Clearly not the happiest place on earth! For \u00a0the price of Disneyland the rides should always work Disneyland is not a cheap experience ! Will not return. Download the Disneyland app and you will see throughout the day each ride will be closed for who knows how long,multiple times. I've been to plenty of amusement parks before and never had this problem! Shame on you Disney!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland Park, it was once a place to be. Back then, when you buy a ticket to enter the gate you are treated equally. Now a days, buy a fast pass ticket to cut in front of other people's. I call this rich privilege. I also come across one rude hostess . I guess this is the reason why they don't make a living wage. CEO of Disneyland make $66 million per year, over more than 1,430 average paid employees at Disneyland. This was once a happiest place to be, but now it's a sadist place to be!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disneyland. Despite the price hikes and the crowds, I am always enthralled by the atmosphere and people, and one can expect to experience the happiest place on earth every visit (assuming one can afford the new prices, beware!).", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Worse customer service and races every where. My little baby one and half years tried to take pictures with the characters and waited for being picked for almost 10 minutes and they totally ignored him. Totally worse than the Disneyland in Japan.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Never ever understood peoples obsession with this place. It's ridiculously crowded. Everything is over priced. The lines are ridiculous. There's strollers running you down everywhere. Obnoxious and undisciplined kids everywhere. There's a line with a minimum 30 minute wait for everywhere including the bathroom and the gift shops. The entrance will cost you an arm and a leg. Honestly, I just don't understand how people do it. Take your kids to lego land or something. It's a fictitious escape for adults who never grew up and dislike their reality and for teens that like to get buzzed or drunk and go have a trip. Surprised they don't charge you to breathe. If you have the patience, money and time, good luck.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I really appreciated that the cart ran over my foot and none of the cast members came to check out if everything was ok. Originally they did not even say sorry till I told them thanks for running over me.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If you hv to experience disney.. u should select the one in orlando... my experience on christmas was aweful... the parade were small, very small duration laser show hardly 30 sec n no fireworks... to feel bad... only once i see a glimpse of mickey throughout the day on street or park... it was not even feeling like disney... the worlds happiest place is disney orlando... dont waste yr time n money in disneyland... few best rides were broken half the day so had 3 rides in whole day as fast was of no use at all", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth!!!!!! I want to renew my annual pass!!!! From rides to yummy treats/food/drinks, I can stay there all day long!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My friend and I planned a trip to Disneyland a couple weeks ahead, finding the hotel and transportation before getting the tickets. He planned on just purchasing a day pass, while I had planned on buying an annual pass as I live in SoCal. When I went to purchase the annual pass, I noticed that they require you to show your license and the card used to pay and that they must match. This is a problem in two ways for me, as I am just a full time student and use my father's card for everything I do. This is also an issue because I got my name legally changed this last week and will not have any of my updated information for a few months. Disneyland would not work with me in any way, telling me I had to lose my plane ticket and try to cancel the hotel. This is unacceptable.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Once we get into Disneyland we gotta race to pirate's of the Caribbean since they dont take fast passes. Just to get off our list. Be sure to download the disney app online to get fast passes. It always comes in handy for us especially since were annual pass holders. Being a Disney fan It's well worth being a pass holder. We like going during the week days since its less busy. Wont doubt that you guys won't have a great time.   Be sure to check out downtown Disney too. Love going there to shop and eat when with family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The magic is gone from Disneyland.. Way too many people. 45-60 min waits for almost all rides. Too many closed areas. Matterhorn broke after waiting in line for 40 min. And, all this midweek. You only have 1-2 hrs first thing in the morning too enjoy it. I wouldn't recommend it any longer. Too bad.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I've lived in Orange County my whole life, have bought multiple annual passes, and learned to read from Disney read-a-long books.   This place used to be better. I don't know what happened. Now, the exteriors are outdated and the rides are not worth the wait. The fast pass system is great and I love it, but I would prefer either a front of the line pass like Universal, or for Disney to limit the number of tickets sold each day.   There were just too many people, and this was on a Wednesday before school was out. Not to mention, the employees were nowhere near as happy and cheerful as they used to be-- now some of them look downright miserable and are unhelpful and curt. Disneyland, please treat your employees better and pay them more. I have no doubt the increased crowds also contribute to their misery.  I took a friend from out of town here. She's never been and she loves Disney, but was incredibly disappointed by the trip.   I won't be coming back. I know I contribute to the people in the park, so even though Disney lost a paying customer everyone in the park also has one less person to deal with. Win-win. Wish Disney would up the prices AND limit the number of tickets sold per day.   At this rate the only local amusement park left for me is Universal Studios, and that's only with a front of the line ticket.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Can't wait to go back! I've accepted the fact that the ridiculous line wait for the main attractions are part of the experience. I may be late in realizing this, for this was just my 2nd time going", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Handicap Parking and Closed Attractions! Parking attendants forced us to park in Simba. The Attendant who collected the parking fee saw our handicap plackard and told us it was a 5 min walk to the park. I asked about trams and she said there were none! \u00a0It actually was a 20 minute walk plus extra time since \u00a0and we had to stop to rest 3 times. The day is now off to a bad start. \u00a0Upon departure a family member offered to drive us back to our car. the street we turned on \"downtown\" is closed and blocked off with no attendant present to answer questions about how to get to our car. We drove to Paradise Pier and the attendant said it's not possible for my family to drive to Simba and they had to drop us off and make us walk. When I told him I was not surprised about his inability to help us he says \"well dont come back during the summer because the parking is even worse during June, July and August. Lastly, I knew Alice in wonderland pirates and small world and the submarine ride were closed BUT while we we waiting in line Splash mountain closed and we could not go on it. \u00a0buzz astro also closed due to a problem and also big thunder railroad closed. I also saw space mtn closed at one point although we did get to ride it once.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Sucks that this place is closed down. Lots of good memories here. I used to come here with the love of my life, we always had such a great time together!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Even though Disneyland continues to get more expensive every single year it is still a good value for all that you get to do. But, how much you get to do also depends on how much effort you're willing to put in. If you wake up early, get to the park when it's open and be strategic about your day you'll be able to get a lot of stuff done. Character breakfasts are a great way to get in a good and filling meal while meeting several characters at once.  Try and go to later parade and showtimes if you can as most people go to the first one. Wear bright colors so you can spot your group easily. Take pictures of what your children are wearing so if they get lost you can easily show security what they are wearing and look like. Be sure to show your child a cast members name tag so if they do get lost they know who to ask for help.  I have so many tips and tricks to share so ask any questions you need to.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Really can't say enough about this place so I'll just say a little bit. It's an amazing place with unforgettable experiences. I'll be coming back as long as I'm able. It's not for everyone. It's definitely a place for me though and my loved ones. If you have the opportunity to go, don't pass it up.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland \u00a0in Anaheim has the absolute WORST employees I have ever encountered. \u00a0Definitely not worth $150 a ticket if you want their workers to be assholes. Absolute horrible customer service. I'm not even happy to be here right now.  -I was in like to get something to drink and when I was up next to order the employee pointed at the person behind me to try and take their order  -I asked an employee, who was dressed as a Star Wars character for a picture, and they just looked at me and walked away  - 2 human resource workers were what really topped \u00a0it off. One was being so rude when I asked for a higher up manager \u00a0 And another one we were having issues with the tickets on our phones and he was trying to explain \u00a0and we still did not understand so we asked agaIn and he snatched the phone out of my moms hand. I would like this give this 0 stars. I'm so upset and I will never ever come back to Disneyland. Universal and six flags can take all my money. Disneyland, your workers suck ass", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The worst!!! \u00a0Disney can not handle the parking situation! \u00a0Been around the resort for 2 hours and we're still not parked. \u00a0 They have one parking lot closed and nobody is moving!! \u00a0Nobody directing traffic. \u00a0No help! \u00a0Nothing. \u00a0 Walt surely is rolling over in his grave!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Been a passholder for 3 years now and can definitely say it is worth the money. Weekends are extremely busy. Ride times vary depending of the month.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is expensive, but it is also an experience. I have gone since childhood so I have the sense of nostalgia, so I cannot understand what it would be like for the first time. The lines are long but the fast pass system is successful. Worth going on a weekday to avoid the crowds", "rating": 5}, {"text": "OK, so I just need to clarify that on any given day I would easily give \"DL\" (as we like to reference it so as not to ignite a combustion of girlie shrieks of joy from our six year old) FIVE STARS! \u00a0We often need to keep \"DL\" on the DL until we can confirm that there are no blackouts or unexpected reasons to just not go...January 4, 2009 happend to be one of those days and is the only day I would even consider such a low rating for the happiest place on earth.  We knew we were in trouble when our short-cut into the Mickey n Friends Parking structure was backed up almost to the freeway. \u00a0The fact that the Anaheim police were directing traffic should've told us to turn back. \u00a0We were determined.  We didn't make light of the fact that by noon, we were already parking on the top floor of the garage near the last row. \u00a0Having people board the tram from both sides didn't seem all that unusual for some reason.  It finally dawned on us that it has taken us almost two hours to get from the freeway to the ticket booth to renew our passes. \u00a0With the lines as long as they were, it would have taken us another 1.5 hours to get our passes and get in through the gates. \u00a0Once in, we would probably spend most of our time waiting in line and would be lucky to even get through two rides before having to leave when everyone else's kids have meltdowns too and decide to leave at the same time...another 1.5 hours to back to the garage.  We decided to take our chances with the kids' disappointment of not actually going into the park and save it for another day. \u00a0Fortunately, we were with friends and the girls decided they would still be able to have fun in downtown Disney.  So as it turns out, January 4th was the first Sunday after the holiday blackout period and also the last day before school starts (and when most parents go back to work). \u00a0It also happend to be a gorgeous day, weather-wise, after several days of gloomy weather. \u00a0 January 4th was also the last day of the holiday theme in the park. \u00a0I would guess that 98% of the people there today were Southern CA Annual Pass holders, looking to finish the holiday on a high note before getting back into the grind. \u00a0You couldn't ask for a worse day to go!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We visited Disneyland Park, and it was very disappointing, at-least-one third of the park is in construction, no parade and now you need a ticket to watch their Fantasmic lights attraction which are limited and if you don't get one you loose the opportunity to watch the magic of Disney, so disappointed specially for first timers and regular price tickets. They should at least post it on their website so that customers can think about before purchasing their tickets. When tried to bring this issue to their customer service they simply said it is what it is, no refunds. Sadly Disneyland is not the most magical place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "First of all... I'm writing this on my gf yelp account and second of all... Phuck Disneyland... we showed up, got the park hopper... to find out that half of California adventures was closed... people don't pay to view the crap plastic settings (well some of us dont)... part of the costs is to actually be able to board the rides right? [arms crossed]... only reason why I come is because my gf is the princess of Montebello and she gets what she wants ... Love you babe, still hate Disney though.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth I love the Main Street fruit cart &amp; corn dog stand my all time favorite is tiki juice bar dole floats", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Well, it's been long and I mean LONG overdue since my family and I have visited DL so it felt like it was my first time there. It was weird, as I entered the park, everyone was super friendly, helpful and kind. I mean, literally everyone I came across with. I wish DL was super ginormous so that everyone in the world would enter and be super nice and the world would be a better place (wouldn't that be something!)  Anyways, we live here in SoCal and there was a special deal on the DL tickets (3 Day $179). I have a family of 8 (yeah, crazy expensive). So it's per person, per park, per day. It was my two youngest that haven't gone to DL out of my children. I knew it would be a memorable one. When we went, it wasn't that packed.  We purchased the MaxPass ($15/per person for the day). It's similar to the FastPass paper ticket, but it's digital, all on your phone! You can buy it from the Disneyland App. The cool thing that I love about it, is you can reserve a time spot with your party for a ride, and by the time you hop on your reserved ride time, you can reserve another ride from the comfort of your phone! Better than the paper FastPass ticket, you'd be walking back and forth just to reserve a ride. I kid you not, the longest we've waited in line with the MaxPass was 5 mins! It also depend when you plan on going, crowd size can be different but I'm telling you it's worth getting the MaxPass! It also includes the PhotoPass, you can download a digital copy of your pictures onto your phone. So be sure to write down/take a pic of the code(s) of your pictures around the park, whether it be with a character or on a ride, you can add them to your PhotoPass and it'll be available to you. They give you about a month for the pictures to be available for you before they're gone.  So I brought my own portable charger, come to find out later, my son used it the night before and didn't charge it. My phone was dying and I needed my phone charged cause I need to scan my MaxPasses. Til someone saved the day! They told me there's a portable charger station around the park, so I was in luck! It's a small kiosk where you can buy the Fuel Rod portable charger for $30 and it comes with an Apple and an Android phone cables. Another good thing about it, is after you charge your phone and the portable charger is dead, you can go back to the kiosk, exchange the dead charger for a brand new fully charged portable charger, AT NO COST! Yes y'all, it's free! And you can keep using it and swapping them unlimited times and it's completely free! I wish they have a kiosk like that at all theme parks. I'm gonna have a talk with Knott's Berry Farm after this, hehe. So don't fret if you forgot your portable charger, there's one you can buy at DL.   We brought food in (snacks and sandwiches) and collapsible water bottle (you can fill up water for free!) for drinks. Saved a lot of money! We had so much fun and I'd totally recommend everyone to visit DL if you haven't been there. It's a great experience. The only thing negative from my end, is it keeps getting more expensive each year. With that being said, we'll be back in 5 years, saving for our next trip to DL starting now, hehe. But the kids had so much fun, and that's all that matters! Is seeing them so carefree and happy, it got me teary eyed a bit cause they grow up so fast, so it was very memorable. It is the Happiest Place on Earth.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney! It's a place where all your wishes &amp; fantasies are relived. Disneyland Resort being the first Disney Park has originality that no other Disney Park can really have. Like a Brick Wall where they were deciding what patterns to use, trying different laying patterns, and ultimately leaving the wall as a part of history in the park.  **Who else is excited for the the Star Wars Land!**  Considering I'm here almost every week maybe twice a week. It's hard to leave a bad review about the park, if you are please don't complain about workers on Yelp.   I would Highly recommend coming to Disneyland Resort for fans of All Ages, the nostalgia of walking though Main Street, all the sights, sounds, it's what makes Disney, Disney.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am seriously disappointed with Disney. The last 3x we have been here the employees (pretty much all of them) have been less than helpful. After spending so much money this money grabbing business decreases in customer service yet increases costs everywhere! \u00a0Food service employees are incredibly slow and demonstrate little caring about service. \u00a0Guest relations simply don't give a crap. \u00a0I will not renew our passes.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's been a decade since I've been to Disneyland and I'm pleased to say that it's still the happiest place on earth, even for adults! (Or adults going through a second childhood?!) keep in mind: prices have gone way up! It's now $189 for a park hopper, one day ticket ...  This is the land where you get to put on your Mickey Mouse ears and Disney costumes and not look ridiculous even when it's not Halloween.   This is the land where going on rides, no matter if you've ridden it before, is still exhilarating like it was your first time. (Wish Johnny Depp was sitting next to me on Pirates of the Caribbean)   This is the land where it's totally acceptable to gorge on churros, beignets, popcorn, corn dogs,dole whips and wash it all down with sweet drinks all in one day. (And you work it off by walking around the whole park and burning 20,000 steps. Bonus steps if you gotta rush over to California Grand to get fast pass at certain times of the hour at 3pm in the sweltering 90 degree SoCal weather and pregnant to boot!)   This is the land where you exercise your PATIENCE and not go mental since there's tons of kids/strollers/irritated parents/people cutting in line/general douche baggery happens. Please chew hard on that churro and just smile while you silently kill them in your head.  After all, meeting Minnie Mouse is so worth it. And getting that IG worthy balloon shot made my gf's day!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I've been a pass member for 10yrs waiting in line for star tours where there policy is to let 30 fast passers to 7 line waiters took 46 minutes once we entered front door not counting outside wait time", "rating": 1}, {"text": "At the entrance, his name is Jeff please please fire him he is worst entrance greeting guy ever in my life seriously. He was freaking rude and mean to me and treat me so unprofessionally. Here is what happened. My mom and my brother visited me from Korea brought me a selfi stick for me from KOREA! At the entrance we was waiting for an hour to get in the disneyland it was on afternoon and we reached \u00a0the guy named is 'JEFF' was checking my purse and he found my selfi stick and he told me to throw the way SERIOUSLY?! It is mine and my mom bought it for me a week ago!!!! Also, we spended money to buy our OWN selfi stick. We couldn't able to bring a selfi stick inside of the disneyland so I understood and I wanted to keep the selfi stick \u00a0and we asked him to keep it until we finish and he told me NO ( so freaking rude!!!!) and he told me to put in the car and come back wth!!! Then we need to wait another hour to get in!!!! I told him we did not bring a car so I did not have any storage then he told me trash or go back home and put that away and then come back. His face and how he talks was so rude person I never ever met in my life. He called me a security to take me out and I was hiding behind the grass and go back the line and met the Jeff again. He told me I came back too fast and asked me really really REALLY rudely where did you hiding me and He called a security again to find my selfi stick to trash. HERE IS MY QUESTION, I DID NOT BRING MY SELFI STICK TO DISNEYLAND and the selfi stick is my own privilege HOW COME HE MADE ME TO TRASH THE SELFI STICK even thought I did not bring it in!!! Ah seriously?! I really want to sue that stupid and rude and mean person name is JEFF. He did not even explained why I could not bring a selfi stick and even if we did not bring the selfi stick inside of the disneyland they made me my own selfi stick and I asked my mom to buy the Korean one from Korea a week ago!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Then why am I have to buy my own selfi stick AGAIN?!?!BECAUSE OF HIM!!!!!!!!He is ruined my day and I start to hated th e disneyland BECAUSE OF HIM his name is JEFF!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Had a late start at Disney, and expected to wait a good amount for the good rides of course. Once my boyfriend and I went to check the Cars ride to see if there was any fast pass available, Trisha let us know that it was too late to get one but being such a sweetheart and hearing we had a late start on Disney she helped us out with that. She helped us have such a fun and memorable day at the park and I really appreciate her doing that for us! She has such a delightful and easy going personality, and she even gave us some stickers!! Seriously she made our night. Thank you so much again Trisha! Youre an amazingly sweet soul!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It is so frustrating here at our first visit here! It is our little girl birthday today. The day is hot and every ride is like 1-2 hr wait. Crazy! Oh FYI! There is NO refund. Think very hard before purchasing. It's only worth it if u stay all day or more. If u don't mind waiting.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Come on you know you love it too! \u00a0 Disneyland and DCA are such terrific places to hang out. \u00a0A little of everything - great shows and parades, delicious food, and, of course, amazing rides and attractions! \u00a0The new addition of Star Wars Land is genius! \u00a0Great place solo or with family and friends! \u00a0(Or solo when your family and friends are annoying!)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We thoroughly enjoyed our day in Disneyland! \u00a0We did the whole park on a Wednesday recently, spending a total of 11 hours there and stayed until about an hour after the parade in the evening. \u00a0We did everything but the roller coasters and even though lines are long, they really move you through very quickly. \u00a0 We rarely \"stood\" in line, as it was constantly moving. \u00a0They really have this down to a science. \u00a0You really can enjoy it in one day, and we don't feel we \"missed out\" on anything. \u00a0 Grab a map when you enter and plan your day accordingly. \u00a0I would recommend having lunch or dinner a tad bit on the early side to avoid the food lines. \u00a0Like lunch at 11, \u00a0and dinner at 4. \u00a0 \u00a0The park is immaculate and every staff member was so nice, helpful and super friendly to us. \u00a0Wear comfortable, light shoes, carry the least amount of stuff possible, use sunscreen, \u00a0and buy your t-shirts and gifts on your way out. \u00a0The stores are continually being stocked, even into the evening hours. \u00a0Make sure to enjoy a Dole Whip while you're there! \u00a0I can't tell you what that is, you just have to trust me on that one! \u00a0 Thanks Disneyland! \u00a0You MADE our California vacation!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Honesty, my family has come so many times and this place always cancels the fireworks last minute \"due to high winds\" but the rides remain closed for an hour. We sit out on the concrete for 45 minutes to get a good view of the fireworks and were freezing only to find out 10 minutes before the show that it's been cancelled.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney should not allow visible children or adults with colds or flu like symptoms to enter park premises. My family with two healthy children went for the president day weekend. It was horrible!!! Sickly children coughing every where it was like the movie contagion! I had to leave in fear my kids would get some horrible flu . My eldest daughter unfortunately still did. Was sick for 2 weeks!! Disney just wants money doesn't care about healthy envirOment.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We drove from Colorado to California to give my kids their first experience at Disneyland. Unfortunately it was the absolute worst vacation we've ever been on. A \"cast member\" told my elderly father he couldn't sit to watch the water show at California adventures, then later told him to step down off a 6 inch column he was leaning against to watch the same show. This resulted in a heated argument that lead to us all being escorted out of the park by atleast 6 security officers. As we were leaving the park we were asked if we had tickets to return the next day and if so we needed to surrender the tickets. Luckily it was our second and last day. As we were exited from the park we found ourselves surrounded by the police and they handcuffed my dad. Why did all this happen? The \"cast member\" that started this whole thing LIED and told everyone that my dad hit her. This was a COMPLETE lie. We have called, emailed and followed up and not even an apology from Disneyland for the false accusations and the traumatic experience my three children had to endure. So watch out when you go! Don't get in an argument with a cast member cause why? It could lead you to cuffs and trama for all your kids!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Just have no customer service expectations. I brought my grandson here to celebrate his birthday. We went to magic morning and after getting across the park we found out they did not check In our entire party. We had to go back to the front gate to get this done. We were not able to get any fast passes from out phone until this was done. They couldn't have cared less about the inconvenience they caused. We spent 30 minutes of our magic morning getting this straight. Offered us nothing for our inconvenience.   The detail on the rides this trip were only ok. There was trash in most of the ones we got on. \u00a0For cars the characters would talk but their lips were not moving. Cast members were bored. Just not what you expect for your time and money.   We decided not to renew our annual passes again. It's just not the experience we used to have", "rating": 1}, {"text": "First time here, security guard Ernie harassed me while security check. Poor customer service and people skills from him. I really suggest you get new security personnel. Get it together Disneyland and to Ernie, you need to get in line son.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is a perfect model of all the entangled orders of simulation. To begin with it is a play of\rillusions and phantasms: Pirates, the Frontier, Future World, etc. This imaginary world is supposed to be\rwhat makes the operation successful. But what draws the crowds isundoubtedly much more the social\rmicrocosm, the miniaturised and religious revelling in real America, in its delights and drawbacks. You park outside, queue up inside, and are totally abandoned at the exit. In this imaginary world the only\rphantasmagoria is in the inherent warmth and affection of the crowd, and in that sufficiently excessive\rnumber of gadgets used there to specifically maintain the multitudinous affect. The contrast with the\rabsolute solitude of the parking lot - a veritable concentration camp - is total. Or rather: inside, a whole\rrange of gadgets magnetise the crowd into direct flows outside, solitude is directed onto a single gadget:\rthe automobile. By an extraordinary coincidence (one that undoubtedly belongs to the peculiar\renchantment of this universe), this deep-frozen infantile world happens to have been conceived and\rrealised by a man who is himself now cryogenised: Walt Disney, who awaits his resurrection at minus\r180 degrees centigrade.  The objective profile of America, then, may be traced throughout Disneyland, even down to the\rmorphology of individuals and the crowd. All its values are exalted here, in miniature and comic strip\rform. Embalmed and pacified. Whence the possibility of an ideological analysis of Disneyland (L. Marin\rdoes it well in Utopies, jeux d'espaces): digest of the American way of life, panegyric to American\rvalues, idealised transposition of a contradictory reality. To be sure. But this conceals something else,\rand that \"ideological\" blanket exactly serves to cover over a third-order simulation: Disneyland is there\rto conceal the fact that it is the \"real\" country, all of \"real\" America, which is Disneyland (just as prisons\rare there to conceal the fact that it is the social in its entirety, in its banal omnipresence, which is\rcarceral). Disneyland is presented as imaginary in order to make us believe that the rest is real, when in\rfact all of Los Angeles and the America surrounding it are no longer real, but of the order of the\rhyperreal and of simulation. It is no longer a question of a false representation of reality (ideology), but\rof concealing the fact that the real is no longer real, and thus of saving the reality principle.  The Disneyland imaginary is neither true nor false; it is a deterrence machine set up in order to rejuvenate\rin reverse the fiction of the real. Whence the debility, the infantile degeneration of this imaginary. It is\rmeant to be an infantile world, in order to make us believe that the adults are elsewhere, in the \"real\"\rworld, and to conceal the fact that real childishness is everywhere, particularly amongst those adults who\rgo there to act the child in order to foster illusions as to their real childishness.  Moreover, Disneyland is not the only one. Enchanted Village, Magic Mountain, Marine World: Los\rAngeles is encircled by these \"imaginary stations\" which feed reality, reality-energy, to a town whose\rmystery is precisely that it is nothing more than a network of endless, unreal circulation - a town of\rfabulous proportions, but without space or dimensions. As much as electrical and nuclear power stations,\ras much as film studios, this town, which is nothing more than an immense script and a perpetual motion\rpicture, needs this old imaginary made up of childhood signals and faked phantasms for its sympathetic\rnervous system.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This was the best experience I have ever had. The food is amazing but a little pricey. Over all the ride waits weren't long. This was the best trip to Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always fun! Just wear ur comfy shoes because you will be walking and running to catch all shows and rides before the park closes. So many to choose from so make sure you have more than one day to check out this place.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "As always we loved our visit! Disneyland never disappoints me when it comes to entertainment. \u00a0There are a variety of food and options, but be prepared for the prices as of course, theme parks do tend to charge more. \u00a0Still, we enjoyed, especially my daughter - no matter how tiring it is. \u00a0Luckily, it wasn't as hot this time as it was the last. \u00a0Pixar Fest was great but not as much as I had expected. \u00a0The Together Forever fireworks display was superb just as every other ones they have had before that. \u00a0The trip burns a fat whole in our pockets but the experience is definitely memorable.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Just got home not too long ago and i love this place, favorite ride is Haunted Mansion and still didnt hit up star wars yet because it wouldnt have been fun without my husband he makes everything more fun in life.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "ok, I also sent them an email regarding this issue, someone contacted me from Disney, but I gotta say she was NOT helpful at all. Im VERY VERY disappointed in it's lack of customer service. Thumps down.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What a magical place to be! I've always been to Disney since I was little, but experiencing it as an adult was something different. I went with a group of 6 and we all had a blast! For some people in my group, it was their first time. For others, they were veterans! We had. Three day hopper, but tapped out at day 2 because we were exhausted!   Our favorite rides at Disney, specifically, were splash mountain, hyperspace, and the new Star Wars ride. Each ride is fast fast fast and loads of fun. We road on each ride multiple times (thanks to our max passes). I highly suggest that if you are planning a trip to Disneyland, purchase the max passes. They were completely worth it and helped us save so much time on walking back and forth to rides in order to obtain regular fast passes. Max passes allow you to reserve passes through your phone and also allows you to download ride photos to your phone as well. The Disney app really helped us plan out our rides and cut our waiting time in half.   As expected, Disney is a very expensive place to be at. But my group and I managed to get in loads of fun, food and we were also able to get a reservation to Olga's Cantina (a very exclusive and only bar located in the Disneyland park).   Disney's Christmas theme was to die for! The very little details made our first timers' experience 100x better. It's amazing how much work and detail Disneyland put into each ride, decoration, everything! Especially Star Wars! My friends' jaws literally dropped to the floor when we walked into the Star Wars park.   We were also able to experience breakfast with Minnie and friends, which is a buffet offered with the price you paid. From what I can recall, it was $39 for adults, which wasn't a bad deal because the food was delicious and all you can eat! Minnie &amp; friends walked up to your table and hung out while you ate.   There was so much more I could write about but all in all it was such a magical experience. Thank you Disney for the memories &amp; adventures. I can't wait to be back!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Long lines, 1 hour wait, \u00a0saw Mickey once running away, from us, that all. Kids were upset, they could take photos with most of their disney characters, except mini mouse and, ginni that was all. From 10am to 10.30 PM, they could use only five or six rides that's all, for 149 dollars tickets.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been a loyal disney fan for years and annual pass holder for over a decade. \u00a0While Disneyland is always a happy place, you can definitely see decisions made by management probably to appease stock holders because the the park is definitely not the clean park it used to be and the staff not friendly at all. \u00a0Walt would never have let this happen to his dream. \u00a0On our most recent visit this December I encountered ever bathroom that was dirty, gross, and smelled. \u00a0Disney used to always have an attendant in restroom to ensure they were stocked and clean, but no more. \u00a0You also used to see custodians sweeping everywhere and all day long. \u00a0Not anymore, the park, ride lines, and the rides were riddled with trash. \u00a0Also, the friendly staff who once wished you a magical day,,, well they are all gone. \u00a0Staff were huddled in groups having personal conversation with no regard or care or kindness to the thousands of paying park goers asking questions. \u00a0So Disney please do us all a favor, bring back cleanliness to park, friendliness through the staff and make sure you deliver the experience we all except and pay for, and what Walt would want. Oh and my trip ended when I noticed a park employee did not apply my annual discount and when I asked her she was rude, said no and blamed me. Disney, you need to train your staff to be kind, courteous, and respectful to guests. \u00a0You have lost your way and put $ before quality.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have always loved Disneyland! What vision this man had back in the day, Walt Disney was a great guy! \u00a0It always puts me in the happiest mood! Can't wait to go again!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "A billion stars for the happiest place on earth! Obviously food can be kinda prices but it's well worth it!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Nothing beats Disneyland. I love amusement parks and frequent many but Disney sets the bar. \u00a0Everything Disneyland does it top notch. You can have fun at other amusement parks but nothing else leaves the emotional feeling that Disneyland leaves.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ok where do we start? Over priced, crowded, hot miserable or your cold. and miserable,boring, no wifi ever. You are just waiting in line for everything!! AND I MEAN EVERYTHING!! Even just to set on a bench or something. Lines are horrible. And waiting in line doesn't mean you'll get to go on the ride.. Me and my family waited for about 45 minutes and then the ride randomly closed so they just shove does back into the crowd..(happened Twice)LIKE WTF?? That's messed up. And for a part so over priced you think they would provide wifi but no they don't. so you can use your LTE to wait in the 1 hour line for a meh ride. Most of the rides were broken because apparently they can't afford to maintain them. But you still pay the high price even if most of the rides are broken. I just wish they would make Disneyland and California adventure more professional.. like it was Ridiculous.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My favorite place in the world! I've been a signature plus annual passholder here since 2014 and I love it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Most horrible , overrated place. They have rules and does not know what they are enforcing. Would never go back", "rating": 1}, {"text": "A land of magic, joy, fun, and the happiest place on earth. A place where dreams come true, and people are allowed to dream and find true enjoyment. Friendly staff, good food, amazing atmosphere, incredible attractions. Disneyland is a land for those hoping to find happiness and escape from the dark mundane life we live in the rest of the time.  Location : 5/5  Atmosphere: 5/5  Employees: 5/5  Parking lot : 4/5", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So, the happiest place on earth? Disneyland??? Maybe for some. \u00a0We have 4 Annual Passes and 3 of them we've had for years. Our daughter is Down Syndrome and has 2 displaced hips and her feet are deformed so walking at any distance is a problem. We are not looking for sympathy or a freebee. Tiffani loves Carsland. This is why we always include parking when we renew. I have always renewed at the park with a ticket agent. \u00a0This year time was running out so I went on-line to renew. \u00a0I got a printout and a few days later we went to Disneyland. \u00a0At the parking structure ticket booth the cast member said, that will be $17.00 for parking. \u00a0I explained that I renewed recently and understood it was the same as we always had including parking. \u00a0NO, she said parking is not included. \u00a0Today, Monday 3/16/15, I called and was on the phone for an hour. I was told because we have a contract for our annual passes and parking was not applied to that contract, we would have to come to the ticket window and pay $169.00 for a parking pass. I explained to a very brash supervisor named Sarah that I don't have $169.00 plus you just received a payment of $97.25 for 3 annual passes and $23.00 for my grand daughter's annual pass. \u00a0Sarah found it humorous and laughed that I would even request that parking be added to our existing contract. She sucked her teeth and said that simply cannot happen, we don't do contracts like that.  I wish I could cancel all 4 annual passes and use that $$ elsewhere that Tiffani would enjoy. It really is a shame that consumers are treated like nothing, especially from supervisors that do not care. \u00a0Sarah was not only rude she was condescending and even said \"I'm sorry for your daughter\". Really Sarah? \u00a0What if your daughter was Down Syndrome and had difficulty walking and you were treated this way, would it make a difference. \u00a0Some people are just inconsiderate but I guess Dland needs the $$. \u00a0Thank you for the time you took to read this. DISNEYLAND TRUELY IS A MICKEY MOUSE ORGANIZATION!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Amazing Experience! - everyone working there was so kind and helpful! The park was clean and festive. I just wanted to specifically shout out a few people from Trolley Treats: Guillermo and Jess were the sweetest! Jess helped me with personalizing my ornament and Guillermo wrapped all of them up so that I would be ready to travel without breaking. They were the best!!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I never got to go to Disneyland as a child myself, my first time was taking my daughter when she was 4. That was 26 years ago- this year I've been able to go twice in 2019!  I'm a Big Disneyland fan just from watching all the movies- so, it was amazing to use the app and chase characters down!  I'm unable to ride a lot of the wilder rides due to health issues. I did ride all the childhood rides that fill your heart with glee! It's a Small World, Pooh's Honey Pot Adventure, Storybook Boat Rides!!  It was Magical both trips!! The staff is always super pleasant and personable! The food is always tasty and there are Special Menus for Halloween.  I was able to ride Indiana Jones, Haunted Mansion, Pirates of the Caribbean and Jungle Rides!!  It was the most fun we had exercising ever!! We spent 12 hours there the first day and 14 the next!!  I highly recommend taking the time to have the professional photographers take some shoots when you see them about!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My family and I used to go to Disneyland every year from 2002 to 2012, we took a few years off from the trips and just recently thought \"Hey wouldn't it be fun to go to Disneyland\"... With that said...If you enjoy massive crowds, rude people, and just an overall lack luster experience... Disneyland is the place for you... On a four day hopper pass ... I got shoved and told to get out of the way while trying to get to my wife and kids in Adventure land.... My family were cussed at in TOON Town while trying to take a quick photo at the fountain. Why, \u00a0because some group wanted to sit on the fountain and we beat them to the spot... These are just some highlights of what\u200b we experienced at Disneyland... On an up side... Cast members were nice and helpful.... Makes me wonder how many cast members give 5 start reviews", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney is my happy place never upset here Love the effort in the parades characters are always friendly", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Literally the nicest, most helpful employees in the world. My dad and I go every year as a father-daughter trip and it's always a total blast. The food is good, the rides are classic (and fun!) and it really is the happiest place on Earth for us. We're really looking forward to the opening of Star Wars Land. We also really, REALLY liked the updated Star Tours. Thank you, Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Their Flex pass annual pass is so screwed up. You cancel a reservation and it still gives you a no-show anyways so you're penalized because the system is screwed up. I call them and prove to them that I cancelled it but they're like robots and refuse to do anything about it because they're Disneyland and can do whatever they want, and they know you can't do anything about it.  Also, you make reservations and show up, but the system won't let you in still. You then have to prove to them that you made the reservation so then they have to get a supervisor to override it to let you in.  Their app is so slow and hangs up all the time. Many times is hangs there awhile, then gives you an error. The Maxpass is barely usable. If you show up at 11am, some of the ride's Maxpass are already sold out for the day, and others aren't even available until 5pm or later.  I could go on and on with this crap ...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The most horrible experience. \u00a0We got there early enough that the ticket purchase line wasn't bad yet. After waiting about 30 minutes to get to the front of the line, they shut the window on me. \u00a0No \"sorry\", nothing. \u00a0\"Ok\" I said to myself. Waited about another 20 min for another and BAM!!! Same thing, closed the window shade. \u00a0Now I'm feeling agitated. Waited another 20 min+ and BAM!!! Same thing!! 3 times in a row, ridiculous and very rude! \u00a0No apologies or explanation. This doesn't even include the wait for everything inside and I mean \"EVERYTHING\"! \u00a0It was a total waste of time and money $120.00. \u00a0I say, save your money and go to Universal Studios.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It is the happiest place on earth and I much prefer Disneyland to Disney World since it's smaller and you can do it in a day. \u00a0I have an annual pass since I live in So Cal so I'm fortunate to go there frequently. \u00a0  The food options are not great at Disneyland Park, they are much better at California Adventure so if you are on a Park hopper ticket eat at Downtown Disney or California Adventure. \u00a0Better yet, bring your own food, they don't mind a bit. \u00a0You can't take a big cooler in but you can pretty much bring in any other collapsable coolers or fill your backpack with snacks and water. \u00a0It will save you a fortune and every ride has a nice little place to store your bag so you don't have to worry about losing anything. \u00a0  The only prohibited items are selfie sticks and the usual weapons, knives, etc. \u00a0  It is a family tradition for us to go on Christmas Eve.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Oh the memories my family and I have here. First off, plan your day out. Use the app to check wait times. Best time to go is right as it opens. You can do all the \"main rides before 10am (assuming you get there at 8) with little to no waiting. Then you have the rest of the day to enjoy all the magnificent sights. Make sure to watch the fireworks. If you're fortunate enough to be there multiple days, also check out Fantasmic (or view the fireworks and catch the later showing).", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This was the best day ever! I have been waiting YEARS to experience the magic of Disney. I had been to Disney World many times when I was just a little girl, but now as a young adult I visited Disneyland for the first time and was pleasantly surprised with my experience. The fast pass lane made waiting times for rides short and allowed me to ride all of the main attractions. The only complaint I really have is the new Star Wars attraction which just seems to be too hyped up for what it really is. Other than that the crowds were not bad, the rides were thrilling and I had a wonderful time. I can't wait to visit again soon!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland was great! My family and I really enjoyed ourselves. Rides were awesome, food was delicious (a bit expensive) and the experience was truly magical. The staff really made my baby's experience, extra spec", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am a BORN AMD BRED NATIVE Orange County Native. It'll be 57 this February and DISNEYLAND ha been a HUGE PART of my ENTIRE LIFE! It is truly my FAVORITE HAPPY PLACE! I was a member of an app #Mousewait where QUIET A FEW BULLIES TROLL. I WAS a member until today when I mentioned how Disney/Pixar film can be utilized to explain the Philosophy of Life. I DID NOT ASK FOR ANYTHING other than if a MouseWaiters thought it was a good idea. All money going To charity. ALL OF A SUDDEN I get a reply that was insulting. Accusing me of asking for financial support. \u00a0Being rude and insulting and belligerent. Read our exchange on #mousewait UNLESS THEY DELETED IT. I LOGGED OUT AND DELETED THE APP. Are \u00a0you kidding?! Disney means FAMILY, COMMUNITY, ACCEPTANCE, LOVE, FRIENDSHIP, not Ugliness, Spite, Insults! \u00a0If you're a DISNEYLAND LOVER like me BOYCOTT THIS APP #mousewait  #anti-Disney #bullies", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is truly the must happiest and magical place on earth. I've been going ever since I was a little baby and I can say that each time is such a wonderful memory created. I've never had a problem and every trip there has been worth every penny. For as long as I live, I will continue to go", "rating": 5}, {"text": "\"The most crowded place on earth\"  The crowds have gotten so bad at this place that it has become difficult to even walk. \u00a0The lines are so long that they have had to put ropes and, sometimes, tape in the walking paths. \u00a0The quality of food has fallen below what you would find in a hospital. \u00a0The \"cast members\" are pissed off and it shows. \u00a0  The only thing magic about this place is how it turns mediocrity into mountains of cash. \u00a0I'll leave this awful place to herds of sheeple who are easily pleased.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We purchase the year pass last year my daughter was 6 at the time and she had a blast . We are so cal residents so we took advantage of the year pass we came to Disneyland and California adventures about 20 times . They have beautiful decorations around the holidays. We will always love Disneyland and we will always come back.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "After being an Annual Passholder for 10+ years and having a pass that isn't even sold anymore that I was always allowed to renew... they pulled a fast one and my renewal date changed by one day due to leap year they said (My calendar in my phone was then off by one day) So even though I've been a repeat customer for over a decade and they just let me grandfather my daughter to the type of pass I have over the summer....they wouldn't let me renew my pass. \u00a0I even spoke to a manager and explained that they changed the rules/date- why am I being penalized. It should just remain the way it has always been and I should be allowed to renew. \u00a0She apologized and repeated she was sorry a few times. \u00a0So now my 4 year old daughter has a pass that is good for days I can't even take her on when I buy the pass that is now comparable/available... so that's how Disney treats there long term customers. It's disgraceful.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It is my most favorite place in the world!! I love the rides and delicious food!! My favorite ride is California Screamin!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Talk about a screwed up mess, Disney Imagineers have outdone themselves.  Forget Mickey Mouse, the mouse that started it all, Star Wars is all they can think about.  The prices have increased. And if it is a popular day you can expect to pay even more. Even the season passes have gotten out of hand.  Major paths and transportation around the park have been destroyed or parked. Gone are the days for now of riding the rails to get from one side to the other. Forget the back path from Fantasyland to Big Thunder. It is gone too.  If making a chunk of Tomorrowland wasn't enough Star Wars, they are making a new entire land for it. To do that, they have temporarily closed the train, the Mark Twain, The Columbia, The canoes, the Island, Fantasmic and deleted Big Thunder Ranch. They claim the rides will open April 2017 and the new Star Wars Land in 2019. In the meantime prices went up as they closed all of those attractions.  If that isn't enough, the place is looking very run down. Gone seem to be the days of replacing light bulbs before they burned out. Most of the paint looks dull and faded. Some of it is chipped. Places like Its a Small World look like they are falling apart.  The parking rate continues to increase yet the wait to board a tram increases too.  The worst part is that a place that was known for its people moving skills has thrown out their award winning procedures, filled every inch of available space with something to buy and destroyed the movement of people around the park.  Renew my annual passes? Visit multiple times a year? Spend money here on sit down meals? No, no and heck no! It is time to kick The greedy young fools at Disney to the curb. Time to hit them in their wallets. Time to stay away so they know that their loyal customers are now former customers.  The last time I boycotted Disney I went from 3 times a year to not going for 15 years. This one might be forever.  And if that isn't bad enough, that joke to the south known as California Adventure is an even bigger joke.  Later Disney. \u00a0Much later.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "FIrst off its disneyland, of course their going to take care of the guest extremely well. If disney world can do it so can disneyland. Clearly, from the petition if the workers started it then they dont want to work at all. I just see it as a chance for them to gain unemployement. Disney takes these situations very seriously. \u00a0From what i seen on the news. Everybody has to wear masks as a must. If its reservation only that will greatly keep everyone safe from over occupation. Clearly, its not fair for the rest of the locals to not enjoy disneyland. Why cant they keep it open for them. As well a to having a reservation system with it. This is very irritating for someone to delay a great place to reopen.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is an amazing epic adventure of fun and games. The weather is always nice in California and thus brings an atmosphere of relaxing fun. This place is amazing with the amount of detail and imagination put into the park. It's a definite must see", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is my home away from home.   As an Annual Passholder the bf and I go quite a bit and were amazed at something new every time.   It's impossible to write a review that has not already been explained by a previous Yelper so let me get to my favorite parts of the park (secrets and not so secrets)  -Water is free. Go to any eatery and ask for a cup of water. It's filtered, cold, and free.  -First Aid is free. Have a headache? Go to First Aid. Blisters? First Aid. Obviously, they're there for much larger issues, but don't feel like you have to head home early or have a miserable time when there are solutions here - and a strong AC!  -Utilize the FastPass &amp; MaxPass systems like a pro. Research the heck out of these.  -You will get very wet on Splash Mountain and the walk back to the car (or hotel) is a long one. Really, really, long.  -Check the food blogs for all the super secret limited edition food items. Some are really delicious!  -Food &amp; Wine (especially if you're an AP) is amazing!  -AP holders get up to 20% discounts on merch! Combined with food and hotel discounts you might even find your AP paid off depending on how much you use it.  -Rum Dole Whips can be found in the Disneyland Hotel at their CoffeeHouse.  -Trade Sams is everything. No theme park ticket required.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "After not having a pass for 10 years, I decided to celebrate me and treat myself to a pass again. Disneyland has always been my happy place to be. I've always enjoyed visiting the park with friends. I remember when California Adventure first opened and when the parking was where California adventure is now located. It is a magical place for me to be. I have so many amazing memories.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "On March 17, 2019 my family and I went to Disneyland and I am still upset by what happened. I complained to their customer service about our experience in the park,and did not get any resolve.The person whom they assigned our complaint to did everything in his power to ignore and minimalize  the seriousness of what took place.He ignored my calls,played phone tag back and forth, and to this day treated our concerns about racism,rude service and dissatisfaction with their staff. We definitely are on a hiatus from handing the greedy,non caring, insensitive rat our hard earned money. They really dropped the ball.We have generations of family who will go on hiatus too along with friends. Not the \"Happiest Place on Earth.\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "You have got to be satan himself if you give the happiest place on earth less than 5 stars. @ me bro  I've been coming here since I was 12 years old. Every visit has been memorable. From being a tween, full blown teenager, young adult, full grown adult - all fun times. I will however mention that yesterday's visit was my first time sans kids. I come from a family of 5 and have 6 nieces and nephews (age range 3-20). At one point or another, my family visited for someone's birthday or sometimes as a Christmas treat for the kids  As mentioned in one of the questions someone posted, I'm one of the people who don't mind the skyrocketing prices that has become of visiting for a day, let alone a whole weekend which entails getting a hotel room or staying at the Disney resort. One cannot deny that Disneyland is the best theme park there is around. The experience is well worth the cost. There are so many rides (for all ages) and countless food options.   I'd say we definitely got our money's worth. Our tickets were cheaper since my brother was kind enough to purchase them for us with his military discount. We got there right when the park opened at 8am. There weren't too many people yet. We left after the park closed. Main st is open for an extra hour so people can shop/get food. ThIs basically means we clocked in 16 hours at the park. That's right.   My personal favorites:  Rides- Matterhorn -definitely not for the young kids  It's a small world -always a treat Peter Pan Jungle Cruise -the guide is always full of puns Railroad Fireworks that go off during holidays  Food: Churro - usually my breakfast Corn Dog  - that batter is life. You almost don't need mustard or ketchup  Mango Chamoy by Dole - you're missing out in life if you've never had it  With that said, Disneyland can take all my monies.   I'd also just like to mention that every staff member \u00a0we went up to for help or to ask to take our pic were all beyond friendly and accommodating.   Special S/O to Joey who took my pic with Mickey.  How you doin?", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Tons of fun. Get fast pass to get on a ton of rides. Was able to do 11 rides one day and 9 the next. GO EARLY and get boarding for Rise of the Resistance. It was worth the wait", "rating": 5}, {"text": "There's nothing like the original Disneyland! \u00a0The Southern California weather in May was cooler than expected, but still was great. \u00a0This theme park is still one of the best. \u00a0The employees are all extremely nice and courteous. \u00a0The wait times were reasonable, and the snack food that I had in the park was all good. \u00a0They have plenty of restrooms spread throughout the park that were all well maintained as well stocked.  They did have some attractions under upgrade and maintenance- so those were closed. \u00a0(Sleeping Beauty's Castle was being worked on, as well as a handful of other rides (always check their website for up to date closures).  Their parking and transportation systems continue to be very efficient. \u00a0Making for a great overall experience!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland. Why would you ever give it fewer than 5 stars?! Everyone is friendly and welcoming. The rides are fun. The food is good although expensive. I did notice that there are some lower priced options for food at some little carts along the way; hotdogs and corn dogs and the like for less than $10.  The fast pass option is amazing, and whoever thought of that idea deserves a medal. You go to the ride you want, insert your park ticket into the FastPass machine, and get a pass that tells you to return at a certain time. When you return, you get in an express line to get on the ride.  Genius. I love that the staff is so devoted to keeping the magic alive for each and every guest. It's a wonderful experience.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What a nightmare Disneyland has become! Horrible crowds, parking is now impossible and exhausting, the shuttles from parking are slow and inefficient, the restaurant food is horrible. The rides are so outdated and cheesy. I'm not sure how much longer this place can attract so many people, but at some point people are going to come to the same conclusion that we have come to---this place is unbearable.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It is a fun place to go I have been coming here for years and with Star Wars land added-WOW! This place has fun activities for kids! And also great food! Plus also fun rides! Disney Land also has great shopping! Disney is fun for all ages! And has good hotel service! The people who work here are good at their jobs! Keep up the good work Disney Land!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love Disneyland! They sprinkle pixie dust when they can and the atmosphere is magic! I recommend buying maxpass! Set a schedule and stick to it! We have only been going for 2 years but we have been back about 5 times and it never gets old!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What's not to love!?!? Thank you for taking care of my family and our son with special needs. Worth every penny!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Best vacation my husband and I have ever had!! We travel alot and go on at least one vacation a year and this was by far our favorite! Park is always so clean, bathrooms always stocked, and usually pretty short lines for most food! The food is AMAZING here! We weren't big fans of the clam chowder or lobster roll but we did grow up at the coast where we have the best chowder around! The lobster mac and cheese was our absolute favorite, we also really enjoyed the churros! Max pass is a life saver! Our favorite ride was Space Mountain and we rode it alot (thank you single rider line!!) Fireworks show was so good, we were very impressed by it! We'll definitely be back!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If you have a young kid then I'm sure they get something out of it, but this place is a nightmare - stuck in some earlier part of the last century, no attempt whatsoever to provide value for money.  What am I talking about? \u00a0How about queueing for an hour for a 40 second ride, on a Monday? Queueing for over an hour in a gloomy series of corridors to get 20 seconds to have a photo taken with Mickey?  Couple of ideas: some entertainment while I wait? More rides available? More Mickeys? More cars operating on the ride? Parting with $100 per person so that I can see 5 attractions in the 6 hours or so I'll be there before my kid is exhausted is just plain exploitation. \u00a0This place is aloof and arrogant: there are enough suckers out there like me who are obliged by their kids to part with hard-earned cash to give it a try, so that's how they make their money, and I see absolutely no evidence of any attempt to improve anything.  ... oh, and one more thing: my daughter has hardly mentioned going there - not particularly memorable for her either.  I won't be coming back. Legoland is far better for kids. \u00a0Mind you, so is the local park down the street!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If I could give no star I would after yesterday's display! I spend my hard earned money to take my family to this park and that's the trash my children have to see. I understand there is trash everywhere, but for it to go on for 4 minutes is absolutely insane!!!! We have such amazing memories of the happiest place on earth and now my children are traumatized and my trip was completely ruined! Sincerely a guest who spent way to much money to watch a brawl!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love, Love, Love this place! \u00a0Came here since I was little, my dad gets me a annual pass every year and I go so many times every year with friends. \u00a0I guess I will always be a little girl at heart? \u00a0:-)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Best Day Ever! Please remember to use the Disneyland App. to find out wait times for the various rides, it helps a lot. Also, Our family used the Disney Max Pass, paid a little extra for each ticket...............but it was really worth it! \u00a0The Max Pass cut the wait times for various rides in half!  Also, If anyone is curious about a recommendation to where to eat outside the park..............the Black Tap Restaurant in Downtown Disney is the best!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I just want to let all my handicap disabled pain warriors out there know warning!! you may be discriminated against if you go to Disneyland if you have a service animal they are going to question you about every little thing about what the animal does how what service is it performs for you and they might not even let you in the park because of it rude even though you were in the park all day even though you have the right paperwork for your animal it doesn't matter it's not right.. really really sad day at my was my happy place", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Went with the family our daughter went out to take a ticket to us her hand was stamped but when she tried to go back in we were treated like crap they didn't want to let her in even with the stupid hand stamp they used. We where having a good time until they started rounding up people treating us like cattle by very rude employees for the fireworks show which is not worth the way we were treated. I can believe we pay so much money to be treated in such a rude manner. They really ruin our day. Never before paid to be treated as a criminal and as cattle. Of course I complained and only got myself threatened to be escorted out of the park no apologies at all they believe you have no rights inside the park", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So mad I can't speak. Have an annual pass and went yesterday. We were diverted from parking structure to some stupid Toy Story lot miles away where we had to take a bus in. It took an HOUR to get to the park and still had to pay regular fee. Getting to the point where they don't care about guests anymore so I won't be renewing pass or going again. Asked about this debacle at City Hall and they couldn't have cared less.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This review is for both Disneyland and California Adventure, as I feel that an experience at the Disneyland Resort is mainly dependent on the time you spend at these parks. Also, the parks have a similar vibe and quality, so I just refer to them both with \"Disneyland.\"  The reason I write Yelp reviews actually goes back to my thirteenth birthday party. I had just gone to Disneyland for an awesome birthday party, experiencing its marvelous attractions for the first time in years. It inspired my love for all things theme parks, my life as a coaster enthusiast, and my decision to become a signature plus annual passholder. When I was planning my visit, I looked on Yelp for some tips. I was shocked to see that my favorite place on Earth was rated at 4 stars. 4 stars. The place where I had made the most fun memories. The place where I once went to multiple times a month just because of how fun it was. It was 4 freaking stars. I'm not even going to go into the details of my experience. This review is purely obligatory. Just go to Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland! A great place to make memories at least once in your lifetime. It's full of magic &amp; wonder, fun rides, yummy candy shops, expensive food, great retail stores filled with Disney everything and... tons of people. I'm privileged to have enjoyed the park many times throughout the years, since E-tickets were a thing. It's always crowded &amp; expensive but memorable and FUN!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This has always been an family tradition when I was growing up. And now I'm continuing this with my own family. \u00a0  For what it is, Disneyland will always be it's rides. But now as an annual passport holder, I concentrate on the extra festivities like Pixar fest, Paint the night parade, Soundsational, etc. \u00a0  And now I don't pressured to do everything in one day cause I can always come back another time.  It's Disney. \u00a0Yes, I'm a fan", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth my ass. I thought of suicide twice while here. A more appropriate slogan would be most disappointing place on earth. The best time I had was on the racist rabbit log ride and that was only ten seconds. All in all fuck u Mickey and fuck all your friends.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'm vey disappointed with Disneyland, this is coming from someone who use to go all the time. I went there on May 10th during Pixar Fest 6 years since I've been. and let me tell you that we got nothing but disappointment. I had family that were from out of the country visiting with 4 children and every ride we wanted to go on was closed or temporary out of service.  We arrived at the park One hour after it open 9am and my family and I wanted to take the Younger kids in our group to fantasyland to ride some of the rides which did not happen  1. \u00a0We went to Snow White and it was closed 2. Then we walked over to peter pan to stand in line for 30 minutes which we were barely halfway to get on the ride, and the ride completely shuts down.  3. So then we get out of line and go to Pinocchio right when we Are about to get on the ride Pinocchio completely shuts down.  So our first hour was standing in line pretty much for nothing not to mention each line was over an hour two hours long. So then we decide to split up and go to tomorrowland, to take the older kids in our group to ride some of the rides over there. 1. We arrive to hyperspace mountain. And it was closed or temporary out of service.  2. So then we go to Star Tours which is an hour long line and halfway into the line They announce that the ride temporary shutdown, so we decided to wait and wait and then we finally got on the ride 11:30am  3. Then we walked over to Hyperspace mountain which finally open but it was another hour long line and right after we went on \u00a0The ride shuts down again. 4. Then we walked over to the Matterhorn, we got on the road pretty quick but on the ride you can feel that the car going up was kind of lagging a little bit and right after we got off the ride is shut down.  So we finally met up with the rest of the family and went over to critter country. So the kids wanted to go on splash Mountain and were like OK let's go in it it will be fine we'll just get a little wet. Well they didn't tell anybody that the water levels were too high that day we had to find out right after we got off the ride from another cast member, We were so soaked that it look like we got out of the swimming pool, and had to buy new clothes. Not to mention they said the line was going to be a 30 minute line it was actually 2 1/2 hours. Then we went over to the haunted mansion it was the three hour wait, then the road shut down so we just decided just to get fast track and luckily we were able to get on the ride later that day. The last ride we wanted to go on was the Indiana Jones ride in that ride was also shut down temporary out of service. And Pirates of the Caribbean was shut down the whole day due to refurbishment.   Coming from somebody that used to go there a lot you can tell that they're not maintaining it as it was and as it should be because there's a lot of things that they need maintenance on especially if they're having this many outages with the rides. They plan on opening Star Wars land, so I'm really wondering how that's going to go especially like I said with this much power outages and glitches with the rides. We spent over 1,5k to go yesterday. Hopefully next time will be better.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "DisneyLand was NOT the \"Happiest Place on Earth\" they really, really NEED to control the number of tickets they sell per day (even if that means a small price increase) so guests can actually ENJOY the experience and maximize being able to get on more than 3 or 4 rides per day because there's SO much to experience! If they think it'll push people to buy more tickets and hoppers this miserable experience is NOT the approach! The crowd was super, super miserable, rarely anyone was laughing or smiling because it was pure madness and chaos the FASTPASS/MAXPASS thing is a joke because it's only for very few select rides and you're \"stuck\" and committed to one ride before you can reserve another ride (so don't plan on \"mapping out your day\") the food stands sell out of things without a sign or notice (and food stand and bathroom lines are SUPER long as well they need FASTPASSes themselves) this was such a huge disappointment as I was SO excited to go if you want a \"normalized\" less crowded sense of a theme park experience California Adventure is the way to go but DisneyLand Park.......no!!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My son has autism, and he got lost. The security is terrible! They say kids are unable to leave the park without an adult, that is not true! If I didn't have angel sense GPS device on my son, I never would have been able to find him, he left the park and was way out towards the parking lot. The GPS had such a large area which he could be in, he was lost for over an hour... then when he was 'in route' leaving the park and heading towards the parking area, I was finally able to cut him off and found him on my own. Very disappointed in the staff, they said there was an alert, and he was wearing bright colors and walked by tons of people who worked there by himself including out the gate. They need to upgrade their security team.  They are also losing stars for always bumping up prices, and making it difficult for all families to even be able to go to disneyland. They are one \u00a0of the few companies who almost never offer any deals for foster kids or lower income families who dream of going to disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland, and forever will! Although there are times when the crowds are wild, the park still makes you feel like it's definitely the happiest place on earth! Lines could be crazy, BUT if you plan accordingly the wait time could be decreased. Do your research! Food is great and there are tons of options to choose from. If you want to make the most out of your Disneyland trip, DO YOUR RESEARCH and plan accordingly.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is not what it used to be. I went on a Wednesday and it was super crowded, food and parking still sucks. You would think that since the admission price keeps going up there would be new attractions, NOT!! I didn't even see MICKEY... definitely not the happiest place on Earth!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ive been coming to disneyland since i was a baby and this is the by far the worst disney experience ive ever had. I called 2 weeks prior to coming to check black out dates. The lady on the phone told me black out days end for Socal passes the second week of August. My son and my birthdays are a day apart (sat/sun) so we waited till monday to come. Fast forward to today we get up to the front, give them my pass and the lady said my passes were blocked so i kindly told her i called and planned my vacation around this so she got her manager, both employees were very rude and i was so embarrassed. Both employees each gave me different dates for when we could come back which is also soooo frustrating. Then they tell me to go look online! I didnt expect to get in for free or anything but it would have been nice to be treated a little more kindly. especially since everyone knows the hastle of loading and unloading a infant in and out of the car and stroller and in the tram and out of the tram. To top it all off, i paid to park and they wouldnt refund me my money back. Its really disappointing and a very sad way to end our birthdays.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Been here countless times and Customer Service is the absolute worst! Beginning with security I let the Girl know the the bag she was going to inspect had needles (I'm diabetic)in it to give her a heads up on sharp objects, She proceeds to ask I'm not to poke myself with anything right?! I gave her a death stare like you idiot didn't you just hear my heads up????? Obviously there is a risk right????? Moron! I didn't bother answering her Disneyland you really need to retrain your staff in courtesy. Just a basic what time does the restaurant open will get you eye rolling attitude from Cast members! It's 8:06am the park just opened and you already have a shitty attitude?! \u00a0Everyone is so rude unhappy like I should be The Happiest on Earth right live to your motto and retrain your staff remember it's an interaction not a transaction! \u00a0It was not like this before now the staff is so rude always yelling not even trying to hear what you have to say it's sad disgusting and disappointing! For the amount being paid per person Disneyland I should be able to ask Cast members simple information without the eye rolling!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Too crowded to be enjoyable. Every time I go there is one more thing to not enjoy. This time the comfortable seating outside the Animation Academy has been replaced with smaller metal benches (guess people were getting too comfortable). Ariel ride not running... \u00a0definitely not renewing family of 6s annual passes this Christmas. Saves me over 6K. Will wait for Star Wars. Maybe", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Very disability friendly. Get to the front of the lines without any hassle. Made my experience good. The workers coo too", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Being a die hard WDW fan I couldn't wait to visit DLR!! Official first adult visit was 9 years ago. Being DVC we were offered to view Cara Land before the media day and oh my did we LOVE it. \u00a0We practically had all of Buena Street, Starbucks, trolley, and all the stores to ourselves!!! Than we went over to Cars Land to ride radiatfor springs 6 times. It was great!!! Goosebumps! The entire trip was great.   Since this visit I have gone three more times. Sister trip for TOWER of Terror last ride and to ride in the complete darkness. And see Haunted holiday. So worth the visit!  Next, girlfriend trip for Halloween time. And to ride both versions of Guardians. And most recent: a parent trip in October so he could witness \u00a0Guardians and Haunted Holiday.   \u00a0The max pass was so worth the extra money. We were non stop ride hopping.   Even had an opportunity to ride the new Star Wars ride twice. Perfect time to go!! October.   The beignets were the best thing I have ever had. Sugar party!!! And the mint Julip.... wow.    The baos weren't that great but I wanted to try them from other reviews.   The corn dog is something I dream about!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The best part is the smiles on your kid's faces. Other than that lines are too long even with fast passes or even just for pictures too. Drinks and snacks are too expensive. Even if you planned a whole day there your kid or kids will be burnt out before the end of the day. But I guess. Lol.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth they said? \u00a0It absolutely is! \u00a0I love hanging out here and I wish it was closer to LA.  Something about the atmosphere here is just amazing. \u00a0  The food could be better but their corn dogs &amp; churros are really good!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "They're not lying when they say it's the happiest place on earth. I'm usually grumpy like an old man who's dumb neighbor kids just step on his lawn. As soon as I stepped foot in this place, I had a smile ear to ear even through the 3 hour wait for the the matter horn, even after the 30 minute wait for the bathroom and I had to play Russian roulette with a fart. Great place will visit again.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Worst experience ever just waited almost an hour and a half just so that splash mountain breaks down and we aren't even offered fast pass for another ride. Happiest place on earth pshh yea right", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Don't bother getting an annual pass! The prices are ridiculous &amp; Many of them DO NOT include free parking which is completely unreasonable when people are paying hundreds of dollars, if not a thousand to be coming here with a pass. The park restrooms are always FILTHY, ppl are constantly CUTTING IN LINE on rides(NOT catching up to someone holding their place just trying to see how far they can get with skipping the line) &amp; when u tell the workers they don't do NOTHING!  The discount inside the park is a measly 10-15% for the 2 \u00a0cheapest annual pass tickets (takes away tax ) I'm paying 800 before tax &amp; that's it ? The customer service is the WORST part. 3 out of the 4 employees on average are extremely rude or unorganized. The front window people are not much of a help. Many of them are sarcastic &amp; treat you like your dumb even when u come to them in a happy mood when I accidentally forgot my Disneyland pass the day after I bought my annual pass &amp; I was looking to replace it or find a way to get in by giving my info. The tram people don't even tell the people who are leaving the park to step to one side before hand, so the OFF LOADING people can get through &amp; ENTER the park. You are literally having to push your way through a crowd &amp; there's a million security just standing around doing NOTHING. How does this situation occur when there's a whole bunch of staff ?! My friend got her annual Pass voided \u00a0without any explanation as to why &amp; we literally keep being redirected \u00a0to a different person. Like at what point do u get a clear explanation or have a better means to resolve issues in an effective manner especially when they are left unexplained ?? So unprofessional! No one wants to do their job &amp; they pretend they want to help but when I spoke to a supervisor she said she wanted to help but can't because of a confidentiality issue so I told her if u really \"want to help\" here's her name &amp; annual pass card info &amp; CONTACT HER &amp; speak directly. Of course she didn't have any solution or want to take responsibility to look Into the matters.  I barely got my pass a week ago &amp; I'm deeply regretting it.  THIS IS NOT THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH ! more like the most DIFFICULT , rude &amp; expensive place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Mckaylah (SP? I'm so sorry if the spelling is off), found by Splash Mountain last Wednesday on the 8th really made my day at the park!! I hadn't gone to Disneyland since I was very young. I knew a lot had changed, but hadn't gone into the park on the best of conditions. Thus, my day went pretty badly and my experience wasn't as great as it could've been had I entered the park with some better friends, on better conditions. It was Mckaylah, who recognized my cosplay, as I was getting off the ride, who really made the whole thing worth it.   I got to talk with her for a minute or two about the show I was cosplaying from, so excited to see someone had recognized what I was wearing. Nothing makes me happier, and she was so cool about it. I wish I could've gotten to talk to her longer and hang out a bit more, but I didn't want to interrupt her work.   I hope she enjoyed season 7 as much as I did. If you're reading this; Thanks so much for talking with me! You're the only reason I'm glad I went that day at all. Hopefully I will see you again.   Sincerely,  Keith Stray.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Man did I have a blast for the past year. I had so many great experiences as an annual pass member. I plan to renew it once the star wars hype is over. Most days, I was here with my toddler son and he loved it as much as me. I came to visit at least once a week and I never had a bad experience. Parking was always organized and a fast process for me. If you are coming alone with a toddler, I recommend you skip the tram and walk to the park, its less hassle dealing with the stroller. Now as for food, i tried several restaurants but it wasn't anything spectacular. They have kids meals, but I always brought snacks from home because I just did not like the options most restaurants had for children. I was able to get on many rides with my then 6 months old now 18 \u00a0month old son. At first, i was afraid that my ride options were going to be limited, but there was at least 6 or more rides that i got on regularly. Overall, my pass was worth every penny and I would do it all over again.  Rides i went on with my 6-18 month old:  Disneyland Peter Pan  Casey JR Dumbo Winnie Pooh Small World  Toad Adventure Pirates of the Caribbean   Disney California Adventure Monsters Inc (ask for buddy pass to skip line) Toy Story Ferris Wheel Little Mermaid", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I had bad experience today at Disneyland ..too much crowd they did not organize to manage people.. First of all, I would say they should limit number of people in the park...they keep entering people but people's in parks are struggling to take rides due to VERY long queue. \u00a0Secondly, there is no fire work today... Very much \u00a0disappointed i paid $96 to visit the park and not seeing fireworks which makes me to think Why people are so stupid....and these disney people are cheating public ..I mean, in america you would know the weather condition upfront almost 99.9% \u00a0correct,but these Disney land people knew this and they did not announce upfront in the morning that today there is no firework. This is so bad because if they announce then they won't more crowd today.....but many people's like me got fully fed up disappointed and not interested in Disney....now again to see the firework \u00a0I have spend another $96...which I will not do this mistake in life again.....beware of these...experience you may or may not get this kind but in general please avoid going to disney land not worth of $100..there are other theme parks which can offer yearly pass for the same price...also rides are not that great....", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Been an annual pass holder for a while and have always had a great experience. Disneyland is like a home away from home where I am able to consume a massive amount of sugar. There are some really good dining options and while it is expensive I understand it is a luxury to be able to visit. I don't know if there is a better place to receive costumer service and I appreciate how clean the park is and the amount of care each person puts in to their job.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The MaxPass is definitely worth it! The pictures right on your phone to download was awesome. This was the first time we did everything we wanted and maybe waited 15 most almost the whole day (on a Thursday/Friday). I also really liked that if your ride shut down they gave you an open FASTPASS voucher for any other available ride.   We didn't get the resistance pass on the first day, but we made it the second try. We ended up just paying to park even though we had a free shuttle because they did bag checks before getting on the tram and then the tram went directly into the actual Disneyland park line which went much faster than the main entrance where you had to wait for bag check at 8 and then wait for Disney entrance. It made it easier to be ready to get the boarding pass right at 8 since you have to be in the park to do it. I don't know if this is the best method, but it's what worked for us on that particular day.   The ride did temporarily closed while we were in line, but it was totally worth the wait!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth, Very friendly staff and not so long on waiting time for the rides I'm a local and have a annual pass and every time I go they're very welcoming and it is very clean including restrooms.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Very fun. Lots of rides for the whole family and everyone can enjoy themselves no matter what ride it is. Food is amazing, and my siblings and parents love space mountain it's the best ride there. Over all I had an amazing experience", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What can I say. \u00a0It's D-I-S-N-E-Y!  Land is just as much fun these days with the new Galaxy's Edge open. \u00a0Almost worthwhile just to go to that one section the whole day.  The new ride for Smuggler's Run is great, even with the line. \u00a0It moves at a good place so you don't feel like you're stuck there.  There are multiple interaction points throughout that section that play off one another. \u00a0Overall, if a Star Wars fan... Just go. \u00a0Just do it.  The rest of Disneyland is pretty much same ole same ole with a few changes to rides that pertain directly with Star Wars ( space mountain is now hyperspace mountain) etc.  Oh... And download the app and use it for map and food orders. \u00a0You'll thank me later.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "FOR ALL ASIANS!! If you do NOT look like you're from the states, be prepared to: -get weird looks -get NO greetings what so ever, even when they JUST greeted the party 10 steps in front of you with a smile! All you get is a blank stare! -get really bad service, to the point where employees don't let you finish your question before they try to walk away from you!   I'm not saying it's everyone, but it's definitely MOST EMPLOYEES. Even when I'm buying something, I tell the employee \"HI! How are you?\" And all I get is a BLANK STARE and \"did you find everything okay today?\" ..you know the saying that they're taught to say to everyone, but only show any kind of emotion to those that LOOK like they're from some part of the states.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "NEVER EVER CAN FIND PARKING!!!!! Always a detour, always construction, never proper signs or routes to the lot and it really starts the day off on the wrong foot", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest Place on earth indeed! Nick had never been to Disneyland, so we planned a weekend trip. We were a little bummed given that Saturday rained but a little H20 was not going to stop us. \u00a0  The park opens at 8 AM on Saturday and Sunday. Due to the rain we got slept in a bit and started our day at Disney at 10AM. The rain did not deter families from going, but it was not as packed as when I had visited over summer and for the holidays.   Bigger rides like Pirates of the Caribbean, Haunted Mansion, Matterhorn had a 30 to 45 minute wait however we took advantage of the Fast Pass feature. Your entrance ticket has a barcode that is scan-able, take the ticket and insert it into the kiosk machine for ride of choice. The machine will give you a reminder of the time to come back in order to skip the line. \u00a0Pay attention to the time stamp at the bottom of the reminder pass as it will tell you when you're allowed a second Fast Pass.  Aside from sight seeing and enjoying the rides we had to fuel or bellies and ate our way through the park. There are so many \u00a0delicious options from churros, turkey legs to corn dogs and ice cream.   We have to admit we were a little bummed that we were not able to see the castle as it is being refurbished the castle, however I am glad to know that everything is being kept up to date.   There are very few places to charge your phone. I would suggest bringing a portable charger or buying one at the park. Portable chargers are $30 at the park, which is not a bad deal if you get lost or would like to capture more memories on your phone.   All in all our Disneyland trip was a success. Feel free to leave a comment :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am sad to say it is so much money to get in to the park and not to be safe I am a pass holder and came out here from the bay for me to get hit 2 times and keep being push by a man try to get \u00a0Security to come and help and it tuck about 30min for me to get a worker not even Security for the work to tell she would give me vip tickets to see the show at a later time and \u00a0It was advised for me to level with my family bec if things got out of hand they would not be able to help how \u00a0Scary is that with every thing that is happening with all the shooting so if something like that would happen at Disneyland how many people will be heart if you can even get help when someone is hearing at the park there is NO SECURITY AND GET ASK TO LEAVE BEC THEY CAN'T HELP AND THE MONEY WE ALL PAY TO GET IN \u00a0SO LET ME SEE LOSS ME MONEY OR GET HEART WE LEFT.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The universe famous Disneyland!!!, what can I say besides it's amazing and magical!!! Yes it's expensive but still worth every dollar. The best rides are Space Mountain, Matterhorn, Thunder Mountain, The Haunted Mansion. Pirates of the Caribbean, &amp; Indiana Jones, &amp; oh yes, and I can't forget the Winnie the Pooh ride!!!! You can bring your own water and snacks if you'd like.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We love Disney! It's always fun to be here. We've had great experiences with customer service. The employees are nice.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We love this place and have gone many times with our annual passes. \u00a0However, with the recent price hike we won't be going anymore. \u00a0I think it's sad that Disneyland is catering to the rich. \u00a0I feel it should be affordable to most so everyone can experience the joy Walt wanted for all. \u00a0   What really makes me sad is that we were there the day before they announced the price hike. \u00a0We asked a cast member about renewing our passes that will expire soon and she said we have another month. \u00a0Not once did she mention the prices will be raised significantly the next day. \u00a0Sad. \u00a0And shady. \u00a0We will be using our money elsewhere. \u00a0 Yeah, thanks for the memories dland", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Me and my husband visited Disneyland in the middle of November for our 1st Wedding Anniversary and had the time of our lives. I suggest, if you can afford it, getting a Disney Max Pass and having at least $100 for food and spending if, like me, you really enjoy treating yourself. This was my first time going to Disneyland where I could afford to buy whatever I wanted and I think thats how the experience should be. Not to bash people who go on a budget, if you'd rather bring a lunch and snacks and skip out on merchandise it is understandable-especially bringing kids-it'd be quite pricey but if you're a young couple with no kids, BALL OUT! It is so much more fun when you do and it feels like I finally got the full Disneyland experience. Only negative is when I called Disneyland customer service they told me I needed to print out my parking pass even though, like the actual tickets, it has a barcode that could easily be scanned with a scanner without having ticket printouts. I thought that was stupid and also the fact that they don't verbally instruct you to take the parking pass with you. In my experiences at amusement parks, you leave them in the window so that the parking attendants can see that you paid your way so, confused, I left it in the window only for us to get lost in the parking garage on the way out of Disneyland and end a wonderful day on a horrible note, crying with swollen feet. Totally worth it though lol", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I was extremely thankful to have been able to visit Disneyland in March 2020, shortly before the closure of the California Disney Parks. \u00a0And yes, I realize this review is quite tardy as well. \u00a0  NOTES: 1. \u00a0Highly recommend downloading the Disneyland app. \u00a0This will allow you to check ride times, as well as making fast pass reservations. 2. \u00a0Recommend the Disney Max Pass if that fits into your budget, as you'll be able to make Fast Pass reservations on your phone. \u00a0Although this is an extra expense (in addition to your park tickets), I personally felt it was well worth the purchase as the fast pass lines and wait times are noticeably shorter. 3. \u00a0Grab a map as it lists the rides and Disney dining options for each themed section in Disneyland.  PLACES OF INTEREST....errrr FUN:  *MAIN STREET, U.S.A.*: 1. \u00a0Gibson Girl Ice Cream Parlor: For a sweet treat after a long day, or just wanting to treat yourself, stop by Gibson Girl for a variety of ice cream and cold treats. \u00a0My friend and I shared a sundae while we waited for the evening projection show at Cinderella's Castle. \u00a0We all scream for ice cream one day or another.  2. \u00a0Disneyland Railroad (station): The closest station to the park entrance. \u00a0Come aboard the Disneyland Railroad as the train is able to take guests to various stations/lands within the park. \u00a0A cool aspect of the route is that the train will pass thru or near some of the rides in the park, so riders can get a view that's up close and personal.  *ADVENTURELAND*: 1. \u00a0Jungle Cruise: Although the wait was slightly long, the boat ride thru the mysterious jungle was fun and enjoyable. \u00a0It was made even more entertaining by our humorous \"guide\" that pointed out the various wildlife and sites of interest. \u00a0  2. \u00a0Indiana Jones Adventure: Worth the wait! \u00a0This ride is so awesome! \u00a0Its adventurous, mysterious, and a true adrenaline rush at some parts. \u00a0IAJ brings together all the best elements of the earlier Indiana Jones films and combines them all into a fun and thrilling ride all ages will enjoy.  *NEW ORLEANS SQUARE*: 1. \u00a0Pirates of the Caribbean: I was excited that this ride was open during my visit as it was under repair during my previous visit to Disneyland. \u00a0The ride starts off slow as guests pass the Blue Bayou restaurant, and then eventually starts to pick up as guests are drawn into the life and times of being a pirate. \u00a0Make sure to look out for Captain Jack Sparrow! \u00a0We went on this ride several times....it was pretty cool.  ***NOTE***: \u00a0The Haunted Mansion was being refurbished during our visit, and was scheduled (per displayed signage) to reopen later this year.  *CRITTER COUNTRY*: 1. \u00a0Splash Mountain: Possibly my first and maybe last ride on Splash Mountain. \u00a0Yes, I did realize I was going to get wet, but thankfully I wasn't soaked like others in our \"log\". \u00a0And just a forewarning to future guests, there is a steep drop at the end (there are various signs at the ride warning potential riders). \u00a0In the end, I'm glad to have experienced Splash Mountain  *STAR WARS: GALAXY'S EDGE*: 1. \u00a0 \u00a0Definitely recommend Star Wars: \u00a0Rise of the Resistance and Millennium Falcon: \u00a0Smuggler's Run. \u00a0For further details, please see my separate review of Star Wars, Galaxy's Edge.  *NOTE*: \u00a0Its absolutely worth the time, wait, and effort to try and secure a boarding pass for Rise of the Resistance. \u00a0May the Force be with you.  *FRONTIERLAND*: 1. \u00a0Fantasmic!: A entertaining show where Mickey and friends battle evil Disney villains/forces. \u00a0Guests can expect fireworks, smoke, lights, and action for the roughly 30 minute performance. \u00a0The ending was quite enjoyable with a squad of cast members participating. \u00a0Fun!  2. \u00a0Big Thunder Mountain Railroad: I absolutely loved this ride! \u00a0A fast-paced but not overly \"scary\" roller coaster, with lots of twists, turns, and ups and downs. \u00a0I was a \u00a0repeat rider during my visit. \u00a0This will be my first ride upon my return to Disneyland (whenever that may be).  *FANTASYLAND*: 1. \u00a0Matterhorn Bobsleds Another amazing thrill ride at Disneyland. \u00a0Riders will encounter various twists and turns as they speed down the mountain. \u00a0I was (yet again) a repeat rider during my visit.  *TOMORROWLAND*: 1. \u00a0Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage: A forewarning to future riders, for those that are uncomfortable in enclosed spaces for periods of time, this ride is NOT for you. \u00a0I've never ridden in any type of submarine/submerged vehicle before, so this was definitely a first for me. \u00a0The space is a bit cramped and some might possibly feel uncomfortable. \u00a0  2. Hyperspace Mountain: This was the ride I wanted to avoid, but was somehow convinced to ride TWICE during my visit. \u00a0For those that are not fully aware, this ride will be experienced in total darkness with a few lights along the route. \u00a0All in all, it was good fun....mostly.  BOTTOM LINE: An absolute FUN time and experience at Disneyland! I will absolutely return when Disneyland is ready to welcome back guests.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My review is towards guest relations at Disneyland.  The people working here used to be so welcoming and helpful but recently it's not been a pleasant experience.  They don't let you finish a sentence, they don't ask you anything, they just point you to a different direction.  They won't even let me get a word out. &amp; then they end up having to help me anyway because as a member with a special pass they are the only ones with access to my account.  I end up wasting an HOUR walking back and forth.  They need customer service classes.   Brenda I believe is the employee to lead this class because she definitely saved the day &amp; actually listened to me when everyone else refused to listen to me.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always a blast to come here food resting places are cool. Staff super friendly . Fire work shows are amazing. Pricing it way to high though sneak your waters in lol.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Bought our tickets early. Right before our trip they run a special offer for just a little more and won't let us upgrade to it. What a rip off!! Never again!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is the happiest place on earth! Disneyland is somewhere you want to go starting from the beginning with delicious food and awesome rides. Indiana Jones, Pirates of the Carribbean, and all the kids ride are such awesome and cool ride you want to go on. Even with the choice of any ride you want to go on all of them. This is a great place.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This year we decided to invest in an annual pass for Disneyland. We would have just got a regular CA resident pass. But wanted to really experience all that Disneyland has to offer so my fiance and I have invested in the Signature Plus Annual Pass. We get free parking, no black out dates, discounts and other things. So far we are week two into our Disney pass and are loving it. Just being able to relax and not be in a constant rush around Disneyland having to do it all in a day is nice. One of our goals is to do all the photos spots and do the holiday photos too. Just went last weekend for my birthday and built light sabers, flew a millennium falcon, drank in cantinas. I love Star Wars. Also, another perk of the signature plus pass is you can do both parks anytime. I don't remember if that's on any of the other passes but loving it! Especially right now with Plaza de Familia celebrating Coco. Keep it up Disney you have me smiling all day!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Are any other Disneyland passholders extremely angry about the oversize disney parking that's been happening all month?!? I pay $71 a month for my pass and it's really ridiculous I can't even enjoy Halloween at Disneyland when it takes 2 hours to finally park and get in. This is now the 3rd time I've tried to come this month and we're faced with this huge inconvenience. I honestly think us passholders deserve some kind of compensation for this shit. I am so angry I almost hate this place now.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Let me start by saying that I loved Disneyland. My husband and I had our honeymoon here, and it was the most amazing experience and I will never forget. Every time I go with family we've had a great time. Until December 26 when i took my 17 year old sister for the first time. The staff was so rude not helpful at all. Something really surprising because in the past we've gotten amazing service. It was my sister's first time and she did not get the magical feeling that I've always gotten. Makes me so sad that we didn't get the magical feeling. I was the worse Disneyland trip ever. I seriously think they were all drunk from the night before.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "First experience at Disneyland ended with us waiting for over 2 hrs for the firework show that didn't happened. Furthermore, the employee thought it was funny to laugh as he told us the show is over and we needed to clear the area. Earlier in the day, we got stuck on a ride due to technical difficulty and although we got reimbursed for our fast pass, it's wasn't enough. Most of the employees seem miserable! Lines are super long, people are extra rude, and this place is not worth it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland does such a good job at entertaining kids &amp; adults alike! \u00a0The nostalgia I felt entering the park after so many years was amazing. \u00a0I appreciate that Disneyland allows you to bring in your own water bottles + food, because for families those $4 water bottles (which is ridiculous, but another conversation) really add up! \u00a0  Rides:  Pirates is great as always. \u00a0Indiana Jones is the perfect blend of adventure + storyline, the perfect combination! \u00a0Splash Mountain is one of my favorites--still crazy to me that you don't need seatbelts, but whatever. \u00a0I wonder if they will ever change the storyline? \u00a0Seems like a good opportunity for Jungle Book or Moana! \u00a0 Thunder Mountain broke + then reopened. \u00a0Matterhorn was closed for renovations! \u00a0Space Mountain was Halloween ghost themed, but wasn't as good as the Star Wars version. \u00a0Was way too dark.  Food:  Dole whip + spice=heaven Soft serve in toontown--a generous portion for $4 Churros!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm actually reviewing Disneyland while sitting inside the park. We got here at 10am and waited two hours for parking, and at 3pm we've only been able to get on one ride. The park is over crowded, waits are currently a 75 minute minimum for each ride, and fast passes have been reduced to being able to get one every two hours. It's absurd. Paying $120 will get you the privilege of going on one or two rides, and that'll be about it for the day. I'll stick to universal studios next time. Disney has seriously gone downhill.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I came to Disneyland for my schools grad nite. I've been to Disneyland several times and I've always had a great experience. So since I've been to Disneyland several times I know what to expect. I always bring my portable charger that has a drill battery as a power bank because it lasts me the whole day. I knew I would need it because I would be taking a ton of pics all day. I get there and security doesn't let me in and tells me that I won't get it back and my other option is to have someone come pick it up. I always bring it in and they wasted my time by making me call my parents and then letting me in after. So they finally let me in and my friends are already in the park and I have to go find them because security held me back. I get my wrist band and no pin. The majority of my friends got a pin and I didn't because of security. I would have loved a grad nite pin as I collect these sorts of things for memories. So I leave California adventure to go to Disneyland, hoping I can find a grad nite pin there and to take pics at the castle. City hall had no pins and the castle was closed! My day was already going bad. I get on some rides and enjoy the rest of my day and then head back to California adventure to the grad nite party. I spent the whole day at Disneyland knowing I would be at California adventure at night and I could get on those rides later. Only a few rides are open and I'm immediately disappointed AGAIN. I love the little mermaid ride and the monsters inc ride, they were both closed! It was devastating. I got on the cars ride as it's always enjoyable and when I get off... a rat runs in front of me! And I am not talking about Mickey Mouse. I had an awful day at Disneyland and California adventure on a day that's supposed to be memorable. I'm so bummed that I couldn't take pics at the castle, I couldn't get a pin and I didn't get on my favorite California adventure rides. Such a bad day at Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland Park!!! My family and I go there every year and it is literally the happiest place on Earth. The app helps me pick the rides with the shortest waits in line and it has the best food there. I will always come back every year for the rest of my life!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always an amazing experience. \u00a0  The cast is outstanding!  The magic is real.  I love seeing my children experience everything I remember from my childhood.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have to say I've been to Disneyland before and it was always amazing. Yesterday's experience was terrible. First the queues way too long took us 4 hours to get in. They did not have enough staff to take care of the increased holiday volume. You queue all that time then when you arrive at the pay kiosk you realized they jacked up the prices, you already waited so long impossible to turn away now. It took over 1 hour queueing per ride and most rides were operated at less than full capacity which meant extra waiting. Example 20 extra spaces on the carousel. Nowhere near enough staff to handle the volume and usually this is where Disney excels this time most staff were rude or looking jaded due to being overwhelmed. Disney took my family for over $500 bucks and I can honestly say worst place on earth!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is definitely the most magical place on earth. Always such an amazing time when I come and no matter who I'm with - young or old, everyone has an incredible time tapping into their younger version! I've been on both the Disneyland side and the California Adventure side and they're both special for many reasons. The lines are really long so try to get your fast passes and make sure you keep up with the times on your tickets. Those fast passes are so worth it! I still haven't made it to the Little Mermaid restaurant because you have to make reservations so far in advance but I'm looking forward to getting there one day. I think my favorite ride would be CARS or the Star Wars ride. Too many to decide!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is one of my happy places. It's a great place to come and visit with friends and family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place Sucks!! Not worth it!! Save your money! Over crowded over priced and dirty.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We love Disneyland. The lines are really long sometimes but we have learned over the years...you can't do it all in one day. Our kids enjoy riding the attractions behind the castle. We usually pick a treat and people watch...looking for characters and different character ears. It is a very magical place for the adults and children in our family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "PRE-COVID. Disneyland, the original Disney Park is by far the best I've been to. I used to live near the park so I've been at least 10 times, and every time is magical. Disneyland was the only park Walt Disney himself saw and built so it is super special. The park is the perfect size and everything is close meaning it's a lot less walking than Magic Kingdom. Also, in my opinion, every Disneyland ride is better than its counterpart. They have classic class dark rides, thrilling coasters, and world-class shows. Some highlights in the respective categories are Alice In Wonderland, Matterhorn, and Mickey &amp; the Magical Map. Being a Disney park, everything is expensive but worth the price. The park is extremely clean and well kept, the food is delicious, and merchandise is good quality. Definitely visit Disneyland, you won't be dissatisfied!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So disappointed! I had 5 hours in the evening on a business trip to enjoy Disneyland. When I arrived I went straight to the Matterhorn and it was closed for restoration (in August really?) so I walked over to Thunder Mountain to find the same Closed! So I walked all the way over to Space Mountain to be told just as I walked up at 8:15pm it was broke and closing. So I went to Splash mountain made it on but as the ride was ending it stopped, broke! They had to rescue us 3 cars from the end. It wasn't my night! For $92 for 5 hours I expect more!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Worst Disney experience ever, went on sat, small aftershocks kept closing all rides for an Hour. Most cast members seemed miserable to be there. Streets were so packed they probably broke fire code and could have had a stampede. They should have refunded everyone.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Well,after I day spending in Disney theme park Anaheim,I'm officially hating this place. This place ruined everything from my childhood. The people one the train are smelly,rude and racism. The woman sitting behind me pushed me out of sudden on a moving tram. And her husband (I assumed) slammed the door at me while we got off. But neither of them seem sorry about it. Their children are right there,I Feel sorry for them for having them as there parents.  And the employees are sooooo mean. We spent $119 and there is no parade, not sure if there is a firework.  I sword I will never go back to this place ever again. It sucks! Frankly, the ones in Florida and Tokyo are way better. At least people there don't push other people Around!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place was so much fun to visit. The crowds were down and the cast members made it very enjoyable. The food and the amazing rides made this a mist visit to anyone who loves amusement parks", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Don't come!!! It's overcrowded. \u00a0Line after line. Literally takes waiting in five lines just to get in the park. \u00a0Parking lot line, tram line, security line, ticket line, and then the admission line. \u00a0And that's just the beginning. \u00a0Felt like I spent half the day waiting in just one line for a ride!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The food is expensive and not worth the price, drinks are overpriced. For what they are asking for drinks, you could probably buy a meal at McDonald's or Taco Bell. Ride lines are extremely long. The best day to go is on a rainy day. If you go on a regular day, good luck waiting under the heat for 45-75 minutes.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The DUMBEST place on earth and we are fools to pay for it!  This is my third and my last Disney visit ever. This place is so expensive for what it offers. You spend half the day waiting in lines and this time should be calculated and refunded back to you either by cash or by giving you these hours on another day! You want these poor people to pay $150 per ticket, give me a break!  GOBankingRates recently estimated DISNEY has a net worth of $130 billion. The Walt Disney Co. enjoyed a record profit of $12.6 billion last year on nearly $60 billion in REVENUE. For the 2018 fiscal year, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts had an operating profit of $4.5 billion, an increase of more than 100 percent from five years earlier. Disney CEO Bob Iger made $65.6 million dollars in 2018!  Come on Disney! You have billions and billions of dollars and you'll charge the hard working middle class average American $150 per ticket to go waste the whole day in long lines?!   Secondly: navigating Disney is a nightmare. There are so many turns everywhere and yet very very few signs if any. Yes there are some people around to ask which is great but how about some signs at all these bifurcations in the road like telling you if you go this way you will reach this ride. Instead we found grossly inadequate signs.. Learn some signs from any airport Disney!   I went on a Monday and the place was packed and ironically this was not the busiest time as this season has relatively few more visits compared to prior years.  Yes some kids will enjoy all the crap but as an adult I hated it. About the only thing that is worth it is Space Mountain and the waiting time is an hour or more.. in fact at what at one point the app said that the ride is temporarily closed I have no idea why but then it reopened with 80 minute wait time and of course your Fastpass doesn't work for most of the rides even though you paid extra for that  What a scam! This place should never charge more than $70 max   Most of the staff is friendly and well-trained and the bathrooms are clean. The food is obviously overpriced although the kids meals were reasonable  Disney is all about hype and marketing and I cannot believe that that many people fall for it. Certain people personalities just live for all things Disney, fine, I don't get it but good for them  For the sober minded this place is abysmal. In order for my child to wait for Mickey that was an hour long line. Yes the pictures were cute but at what price ( frustration, waste of time and money)   I hope that Disney invests more in lowering the price of the ticket and giving more back to the society that made them Filthy Rich billionaires", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Crappy parking. \u00a0Over priced everything. \u00a0Too many people. \u00a0Most miserable place on earth. \u00a0Walt must be rolling over in his grave. It's a cash cow of corporate greed. Wouldn't go back if it was free. But no worries Disney, \u00a0there is no shortage of other idiots lining up to waste the time and money. \u00a0The final laugh they must get is watching you stand in line for 30 minutes to get back to your car. After you have stood in line for hours upon hours all day. No Veteran discount on anything. \u00a0It is never expected but always appreciated.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I picked a great day so I have no complaints. The lines moved swiftly, the employees energy was fantastic and the fireworks show was amazing. I had a wonderful time!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The ultimate Disney classic. It's not nearly as massive and doesn't have as many rides as Disneyworld does (in Florida) but it does have another park directly across the plaza from it! Disneyland is a fascinating place, if you ever watch a documentary on it or do your research, you'll find how much thought, care and work went into making this (and continuing to make it) the wildly successful operation that it is. I'll give you a few examples, notice how incredibly happy all the employees are, they'll never point (if they need to indicate direction they'll use at least a couple fingers or a whole hand), and how clean the park is (this may seem like an easy feat, but can you imagine keeping a park with this many thousands of children and families wandering through *this* clean)?   They do an amazing job of segregating all the different worlds/areas within it to make it feel like multiple parks within one giant park. They're also constantly doing renovations to update the rides and maintain their safety (how often do you hear about safety incidents on any Disney, or California Adventure for that matter, rides)? It's just a beautifully decorated and incredibly friendly/warm place to be for a Disney lover of any age. The only caveat is the lines and the ticket prices, but it's all worth it, I promise.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We want to make a shout to Fernando from \"splash mountain\". \u00a0While waiting in line for Fantasmic he made the wait so enjoyable. \u00a0He helped top our amazing day by providing excellent customer service! \u00a0He really represents the spirit of Disney and was proud to be a member of the Disneyland family. \u00a0Promote him and hire more like him!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Wish I could give this place five stars in the name of the fab five but this place has changed. This is the first time ever where I have been totally disappointed here. I've been coming to Disneyland since I can remember growing up in SoCal. What a shame!!! Just like another reviewer had said I can put up with the lines the crowd the parking. Which is a nightmare, but I'm not gonna keep quiet about fantasy land being shut down! The reason I am there is to take my daughter on these rides and they shut them down for the fire work show!! Twice! It was 8:45 and rides were shutdown and wouldn't be reopened till 10:15. Excuse you Disneyland but that's BS! What a waste of money and time. Having to walk around the whole park because of the detours due to the fire work shows and parades just to get on the jungle cruse. How many dang firework shows do u need?! To top it all off every single character that we tried to see was \"done for the day\". \u00a0Mickey, Minnie, Pluto, belle and Ariel. My daughter didn't get to take a picture with anyone and that just \u00a0sucked!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Employee friendliness utterly nose dived here. I used to come here like 2 to 3 times a week when I was 21 and working at six flags. Me and my buddies all got annual passes back when they cost just 160$. Loved this place then we burned it out.  As for my recent experience I came here with my wife, son, and in-laws from Thailand and at least they had a good time. I however noticed that the staff are not what they used to be. When I asked one guy where I could find pins he just pointed and didn't say a word. My wife said excuse me to a popcorn girl and got ignored, when she said it again some chubby chick shouted \"we're getting ready to open!\" and smiled at the end when she realized her own tone was overly aggressive. \u00a0Two other popcorn servers in Tomorrow Land just wanted to chit chat when I tried their stand instead, I got treated like an inconvenience. The cashier at the Golden Corral was unhelpful when we asked for a refill for our water bottles, an employee from another restaurant at least had the courtesy of explaining that they can't take bottles or cups over the counter. Lastly, a cashier from the Penny Arcade store looked like he was dead and disappointed when I bought one item, at least smile or say hello people!  I know that I'm nit picking, but I've always hated knowing that I could do an employees job better than the employee themselves. Something about that fact irks me real bad. Maybe I coincidentally ran into the only 6 employees in the park that sucked but come on, is it really so bad and boring working at the happiest place on earth? I have to assume that crowded days drain the life out of them because this is actually the first time I've ever come on a weekend. I'd hate to come here during summer vacation.  Btw prices here suck ass but that is to be expected. 2 Mexican plates 30$. 2 clam chowder bowls and a lobster sandwich 50$. A mickey mouse t-shirt with his hands behind his back 36$ but the exact same shirt is 2 for 20$ at Kohls hahaha", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love coming here it's home away from home my vacation spot and I planning on getting married near by two thumbs up Disneyland keep up the good work", "rating": 5}, {"text": "A great day until \"Natalie\" an employee working over by small world elected to take my grandsons stroller while shopping. We were in the store, with our back to the our items. She took the stroller and moved it three venues down. When the complaint was taken to a roving manager \"Kelley\" she was not compassionate, demonstrated no concern or empathy. She choose to smirk and laugh. We found multiple guests approaching us with a similar experience. So unlike an park experience ever!! Is good help hard to find? We filed a formal complaint for corrective behavior discussions along with multiple other guests. Thank you Lamarr for taking the complaint and helping the park maintain high standards.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I hate Disneyland. Took the family there late yesterday afternoon. We are annual pass holders, the cheapest passes though. The kids were so excited after returning from school looking forward to visit the park. We arrived at about 5:30pm something. Parked the car for 17 bucks, ouch! Took the trolley to the ticketing entrance area. Had a quick dinner at LA Brea bakery. The food tasted lousy, and costed $45 for a family of 4, sandwiches and drinks. After dinner we waited to enter the park only to be told we cannot, because it was a \"blackout\" day for our passes. I asked or begged the attendant to make this an exception. She said she would have to ask her supervisor. \u00a0A guy came over and told us he will see if he can help. Shortly after, he came back telling us sorry we can't allow you in today. At that point we just turned away, the kids (3 and 7 year olds) visibly disappointed. We'll never forget how badly we were treated at Disneyland!!! Is this how the Disney Company treats their annual pass subscribers? Why can't they just make this a one time exception? Damn, it was already late in the day, only a few more hours before the park closes. No one in their right mind would upgrade their passes just to enter for a few hours. The kids were very very sad. My daughter cried when we were told we can't get in. This is how the Disney company treats their annual passholders -- they dont care how you feel, tough luck is their attitude. You're not welcome is how we felt!!! We will be canceling our subscription when it ends. What a RIPOFF!!! BAD customer relationship!!! Disneyland is MEAN and PETTY!!! I for one won't be returning for life if weren't for my kids!!! Shame on you Disney!!! My kids will tell their friends about their horrible experience. Spread the word, boycott Disney!!! Disneyland is not a happy friendly place like it portrays it to be. Just a money grabbing empire masquerading as a wonderland for children!!! Shame on you Disney!!! SHAME on you!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hands down my favorite place! I have been here over 100 times, I used to have an Annual Pass. Disney does a great job immersing you in the stories and the magic of the park, even from the parking lot/structure. Cast members are extremely friendly and helpful, the design and layout is made with crowds and ease of movement in mind, and the details of the park and rides are beyond compare. Nothing comes close to this place. Yes, it is expensive, and I am even a little worried about where Disney plans to go with these continually increases, but it is so worth it. I come AT LEAST once a year and always plan to. I don't notice the crowds or lines when I'm here, there is something very magical about Disneyland and I hope everyone gets a chance to explore it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I absolutely love Disneyland, \u00a0and have been an annual pass holder for years... But, it has gotten so crowded it's ridiculous... everything takes so long and it's hard to move throughout the park. There has been a lot of construction the past few years. But the castle is finally done and star wars land is open... I can't wait til the new parking structure opens so it can make parking easier... Overall i love Disneyland and the employees always make you feel special. Definitely recommend taking your kids. But always plan for long lines and a lot of waiting. \u00a0Because even during the week days Disneyland parks is packed.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Very very disappointed I spend \u00a0a lot of money all year on my annual pass. I come to Disney and have to explain why Indiana Joanne's, matter horn, pirates, and thunder mountain are closed. Ow almost forgot half of DCA is closed. I'm spending 509 dollars a night grand California and I'm going home to my kids crying explaining why half the park is closed.   I grew up here my whole life side to see this corporation unfortunately that's what it is forget to value and take advantage of the people. Very sad!! Don't get fooled by Pixar festival, horrible basic parade to make up for closure of half of park. What the hell happened to Disney", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland. Fun n fun takes place.  Record so much freaking ass footage  That I uploaded to YouTube. . I had to pay so much but is alright though. Took my boys we had a blast then.  Butt no more birthdays they cancel.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's the happiest place on Earth. Bring lots of money. Wear comfortable shoes. Go and take a nap after lunch if you can. Fast pass. The Huggies lounge is AMAZING - if you have babies or toddlers go there, it is far more civilized than any bathroom. Stay on property, it's worth the extra $$. Thank you to the employees there for making visits magical.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Came to Disneyland , first time in years . Got here early and paid just under 700 for 4 tickets .. we got on maybe 4 rides since the park was so packed . I think it's absolutely terrible that Disneyland would charge such prices when wait time is 90 plus minutes if not more . You cant enjoy park and feels like a complete rip off . 700 for four rides . Defiantly not the happiest place on earth for me , I'm sure it is for Disneyland at the prices they charge for a park so packed", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is my second time going to Disneyland Theme Park and I absolutely enjoyed myself. It was incredibly hot on the day we went so perhaps bring a hat with you or a cooling towel to wear when you're in the sun. They allowed us to bring in our water (which was nice) and there's plenty of places around where you can ask for ice water for free if necessary. I didn't interact with too many of the characters that much but a few times, I did see kids enjoying talking to the characters who weren't in a costume.   One suggestion I do have is that we went right after the first day of school for most kids in the area so we should not have bought a max pass. We could've saved a lot of money since there weren't too many lines and in fact, the max pass (which works with the fast pass) turned out to be a detriment since you had to come back at a certain time rather than just being let through immediately. Overall, I had a great time and definitely plan to go back. I'm not necessarily a rollercoaster type of person (not here for adrenaline rushes lol) however, the rides were not that scary and was more for the nostalgia.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Not the happiest place on earth. I have never seen so many people packed like sardines in one place. It was ridiculous. People have no manners, including staff. I can't tell you how many times I was run over and rammed with strollers. 125 minutes to get into rides, while at least 5 rides were closed or broken down. They need to put a cap on how many people they let in, like a lot of other theme parks do. Walt Disney is rolling in his grave at the mess this has become. Greed is obviously a factor here. It's a damn shame!!   Miserable!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What did the imagineers do to fantasmic!! It's horrible!!!!! Please bring back the original you can keep the 3D mapping and new lights just bring back the original dancing monkey scene and Peter Pan scenes and the original voices to the beauty and the beast song. Who approved this!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Oh my gosh! Disneyland has really gone down hill!  Bought the MaxPass couldn't use it most the time. Spent 2 hours in line for splash mountain and they kept announcing that it was delayed. Supposed to be 40 minute wait. Then got in line for Star Tours. They posted 25 minute wait and after we had waited 30 minutes they announced they were have delays. The wait in the line for slash mountain was so hot and the line didn't move. It almost killed my wife. It became a theme for the day! Every line we got in, hit the wait time and then they announced they were having delays. We spent the whole day frying in line! As much money as Disneyland makes they could spend a few dollars on misting tubes to make the line waiting more survivable. They just do not care about their guests enough to at least attempt to make the line waiting more comfortable. The water misting system would be very inexpensive and effective.   I spent hundreds of dollars on food to keep 8 people fed and hydrated. But it was a nightmare and the food mediocre.   Even trying to leave was a nightmare. We are older people and waiting for the Tram back to the parking garage people pushed us out of the way to get on the tram so that we couldn't. The tram attendant should have controlled the crowd but didn't do anything to help people. The service in this Park is lacking from beginning to end.   It's too bad. I used to come here when I was a kid and it was a great experience.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "LOVE LOVE LOVE DISNEY! There is magic everywhere you go, whether it is the amazing cast members, the characters, parades, food everything you experience here makes you feel like a kid again. YES, prices are expensive, YES, the lines do get long, YES, it gets crowded, but as Rumpelstiltskin says \"All magic comes with a price deary!\"", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My Favorite Place . The Greatest  The happiest Place in Earth  I have ALWAYS LOVED Disneyland. It is a magical place! From Main Street to Toon Town, around every corner is an adventure.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiness is found in people, not places.  Unless you are being threatened with grave repercussions I cannot for the life of me imagine why anyone would knowingly choose to submit to this torture. And willingly fork over hundreds of dollars for the abuse? \u00a0  Then, after you've thoroughly humiliated and debased yourself you'll write a review, telling friends and family it was \"magical\" maybe throw in a \"greatest place on earth\" in the hopes they too will fall for the hype. Your most gratifying wait and best ride will be the bus back to the parking lot two towns over.  The happiest place on earth. Really? That's just sad. Look at the faces of the people in the park. With the exception of those caught screaming on a roller coaster, the faces tell a different story. But don't take my word for it. Someone is forcing you to do this. Your kids, your wife, your girlfriend or partner. You've been warned. Try to enjoy the day and be thankful you're not there for 2 or 3 days.  It may be \"The greatest scam on earth.\"  The employees are nice, though not particularly helpful. The park is clean, but so what? It should be. The pricey food is somewhere between bad and mediocre; but the tables are clean? And based on average waist size of the diners, the menu is appropriate.   On the day we went there was a lot of buzz about 5 big rides being closed (Nemo, space mountain, small world, big thunder and another one). The wait times at the others were thus predictably inhuman. The fastpass thing is kinda confusing to a newby. So we rode just 1 ride in a day. And saw an Abraham Lincoln animatron (aka robot) give a speech. That was cool. And a Michael Jackson 3D movie from 1986. No kidding, no \u00a0complaints, it was quite entertaining.  If you find yourself with a friend in Anaheim with $500 to throw away, go to Disney. Or you could rent a convertable, go to a nice dinner, see a show, get a great room at one of the many hotels and then give the remaining benjamin to your favorite charity.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The last time I went to Disneyland before my most recent trip was about 3 years ago, so you can imagine how excited I was to come again. I waited all year to bring my boyfriend (who has never been to Disneyland or California Adventure or California the state at all), and we don't regret a penny. We got the Park Hopper tickets for two days, which took a lot of stress off of getting to all the rides we wanted to. This review is just for the Disneyland side, not California Adventure.  FOOD: Although the food can be a bit pricey, if you plan your day well and bring a water bottle with you instead of buying water in the park, you can save quite a bit of money. In the Tomorrowland section of the park, we ate at the Galactic Grill for breakfast. We were a bit nervous because our breakfast sandwich and burrito cost about $10 each, but when our food came out we were thrilled. They are HUGE! WE actually split both of them and were able to save half of each for our lunch. We later ate at Cafe Orleans for dinner. We reserved a table using the Disneyland app (which is VERY handy - if you don't download this app before your visit, you will miss out on some handy information), and arrived on time. My one complaint about this was that we had to wait about 20 minutes after our initial reservation time to be seated, but the food definitely made up for it. We ordered a Monte Cristo sandwich and split it. It is the best sandwich I have ever had - it's a ham and cheese sandwich that is deep fried and topped with powdered sugar with fruit puree on the side. The best part? It's massive and will fill you up quick. If you have a large party of people, don't order this for each individual person - it comes with four sandwiches, and is plenty of food. We also ordered the Pommes des Frites, which were delicious. On our second day, we arrived a bit late so we didn't get to eat breakfast in the park. Instead we ate a chili cheese dog and a cheeseburger for a quick lunch (these were okay - they weren't fantastic, but they were good enough). We snacked on one of those frozen minute maid strawberry lemonades later on and it was DELICIOUS. It also had 54g of sugar in one cup, so I wouldn't advise letting your kid eat an entire cup by themselves. We ate a turkey leg for our dinner. If you're walking around the park, you're bound to see someone munching on one of these. GET ONE! They're delicious, and have plenty of meat on them to share. Overall, Disneyland food is really good. The portions are almost always large, which allows you to save the leftovers for later.  RIDES: The Disneyland rides are fantastic, but lines can be a bit annoying. However, if you download the Disneyland app and pay the very small upgrade fee of $10 (which only one person has to get because you can add other people to your 'party' and order all your Fast Passes at once), you can view the wait times for all the lines and order Fast Passes on your phone. Do this. You don't have to wait until you've used your Fast Pass to get another one. The app will give you a time when you can order your next one (usually about an hour after you ordered your most recent one). This is VERY handy. I had about four Fast Passes at once. You can use this to plan your day around all the major rides. Be aware that the major rides will run out of Fast Passes much quicker than the other rides. Get those ones first. With the app you can usually pick a time that you want to go. With all of this in mind, the lines actually aren't that bad. Unlike Universal Studios, Disney is quite good at structuring the lines so you are in the shade, and they arrange lines and move people fairly quickly so that you actually kind of forget how long you've been waiting (which makes your wait seem shorter). We did wait in a few lines that were up to 90 minutes long, but I wouldn't wait more than that. Order a Fast Pass earlier in the day, ride smaller rides while you wait to ride the big ones, and you'll avoid waiting in those long lines (the rides that usually have long wait times are Space Mountain, Star Tours, Indiana Jones, Pirates of the Caribbean, Haunted Mansion, and Splash Mountain). If you structure your day well enough, you won't wait in lines all day.  PRICING: They raised their prices for their tickets. They have you pay $10 for a MaxPass upgrade (which also includes PhotoPass, which allows for the photographers around the park to take really nice pictures of you and your group and sends them instantly to your phone). Bottom line: It's still worth it. They do price their single day tickets according to demand, so it's wise to plan your trip around that if you're only planning on going for a day. If you're planning on going for more than one day, they lower prices for each day, and you don't pay extra even if you're going during peak season. I do recommend the Park Hopper upgrade (which I believe is $50), but Disneyland itself is so good that going to California Adventure isn't as much of a necessity.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I went here for a week with my brother. What a great experience! Disneyland is everything you hear about and more. A lifetime of memories. Little things that stood out a lot in reflection: it was all so clean. They do such a good job of keeping it clean! Also the employees and cast members are SO GOOD. There were a bunch of times we needed help and they were so polite and accommodating and helpful! Super impressed by that! Thanks especially to Rochelle, Teresa, Cheryce, Bradlee, Luis Jose and animator Jodi who showed us how to draw Disney characters . One of the few places where they treat customers right! I would definitely recommend the FastPass option as that was the best way maximize visiting all of the rides. The lines weren't as bad as I thought they would be but the FastPass option saves a lot of time and made planning easier. Favourite rides were Indiana Jones, Guardians of Galaxy Breakout and Splash Mountain (got completely soaked!) Fantasmic at night is also a must see can't miss show just incredible stunts and performances and light and firework spectacle. For the new Star Wars section Galaxy's Edge, the production design and sets were fantastic but there just isn't enough to do there! The one ride is fun, not worth the wait but has a few cool chances for photos from within he Millennium Falcon. Lots of cool photos with the scenery of Galaxy's Edge but not much else. Hope they add more to it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "[Review #165]  We came here on Saturday, May 13, 2017 to celebrate my daughter's 7th birthday. Unfortunately, it wasn't much of a celebration, but a headache figuratively &amp; literally, &amp; major letdown for my children. Though my son is too little to understand, my daughter was extremely upset because we had to leave early because I got injured waiting for a ride.  We wanted to get an early start by trying to arrive before 8 AM to take advantage of the Early Morning offer on our tickets. However, we arrived a quarter after &amp; cars were piling up about a mile before the parking structure. It took more than 20-mins. (maybe 30-mins.?) to get inside the structure, then 1 car before our turn, we had to wait again. Apparently &amp; unlucky for us, the attendant-in-training was having issues processing the parking tickets for my line, so that's why the other lanes were moving when ours wasn't. And the more veteran attendant didn't offer much assistance because she had her vehicles to process. By the time we got into Disneyland, it was close to 10:00 AM &amp; the kids were frustrated &amp; fussy from being at Disneyland for nearly 2 hours &amp; just waiting. Not a great start for the birthday girl.  I went into City Hall to get a birthday button for H, &amp; told my husband to take the LOs to \"It's A Small World\" &amp; I'll meet up with them after I get the button. I was in line for almost 30-mins. before getting a button. I also explained to Abe about what happened &amp; he kindly offered to up our tickets to have Fast Pass to save some time that we had lost in the parking lot. Yay! That would make things better even though most of those rides are inappropriate for my LOs. By the time I caught up with them, they had just boarded the ride. After 3 hours, my family went on 1 ride.  We headed to Fantasyland for Peter Pan's Flight with a 45-min. ETA. After waiting for about 30-mins., the line stopped moving. We were too far away to hear any announcement but looked close enough that we didn't want to leave the line if the ride got fixed soon. After another 10-mins., some of the crowd was restless &amp; wanted out. Being packed like sardines in a can, you don't have room to maneuver so they were pushing &amp; shoving to get out instead trying to \"squeeze\" through. Unlucky for me, I had my back turned for privacy because I was trying to breastfeed my son so I didn't see what was going on. When I did turn, I was being shoved aside &amp; ended up bumping my head on the wood/concrete wall to protect my son; I took majority of the impact so he only suffered a minor bump. There was no crowd control to assist the other sardines who wanted out. In some ways, Disneyland's lines are like airplanes... makes the lines tighter to squeeze in more people in a small space like the way airlines squeeze in more seats.  I debated leaving but the park was super crowded so I breathe through the dizziness &amp; we rode our only ride as a family. After Peter Pan's Flight, I sat down nearby to caught my breath. As we walked around towards the exit, we were debating to leave or stay. We saw Princess Tiana along the way, &amp; H got her 1st autograph (of 2).  It took us about 40-mins. to get to City Hall where I had to wait in line for another 40-mins. (about 15 people ahead of me), only to be told that my injury isn't their fault. Though I disagree, if the lanes were wider &amp; if there were attendants to facilitate those who wanted to leave, I probably wouldn't have gotten this major headache &amp; vomited/dry heaved. To the guests who were waiting in line with me &amp; thought I was disgusting for dry heaving/vomiting, I apologize for hitting my head, getting dizzy, &amp; dry heaving/vomiting in line; I was told that I had to wait in line even though I felt unwell. The manager said she can't offer a refund because the ticket is discounted so it's not worth a refund &amp; it's not their fault, she CAN do is escort me to 1st aid to see if I would feel better to enjoy the rest of my day. To me, that sounds like... \"this is what you get on your discounted ticket, go sleep it off &amp; maybe you can get on some rides later, your well-being isn't my problem.\"  Remember the Knott's Berry Farm incident on 12/30/16 when the Sky Cabin ride was stuck for numerous hours? Well, we were in line in a nearby ride when parts of the park/some rides went on lockdown. Initially, we were told the ride will restart soon &amp; were provided with several updates before we gave up. Then we were blocked in on 1 side of the park, opposite of Camp Snoopy, so the kids weren't able to enjoy that side of the park. In any event, Knott's guest services offered a complimentary ticket for each of us without hesitation or excuses.  I SAY THIS WITH MUCH DERISION &amp; SARCASM: THANKS A LOT FOR MAKING MY DAUGHTER'S BIRTHDAY SO SPECIAL, MAKING ME FEEL LIKE A GREAT MOM FOR PLANNING HER CELEBRATION HERE, &amp; (WITH HEAVY SARCASM) HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ME.  DISNEYLAND, YOU ARE NOT THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH! TODAY FELT MORE LIKE HELL WITH A BUMP &amp; HEADACHE AS PROOF.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth always delivers. Love the memories we build every single time we go. This is the place I went as a child and now I go with my grandchildren. Love love love!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The rides are lame. Adrenaline is not a word here. Rides are not worth any kind of wait. Especially the typical hour long waits. Many things in the park are so old. It's like going back in time. And not in a nostalgic, good way. Disneyland is so crowded there are workers that literally herd people like cattle through the park. Forget it if you have a stroller. You will end up with a headache and a foul mood. Quite a few of the \"cast members\" were rude. This is hands down the worst amusement park I have ever been to. Not to mention the most expensive.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What a disappointment. \u00a0I spent my entire childhood at Disneyworld, my kids have spent theirs at Disneyland. I just recently learned that the parks offer - well supposedly offer - a military discount. \u00a0My step-father served in Vietnam and we inquired about the military discount for a trip we are making there the week of August 6. Long story short, I was told that while they would like to offer every military member the discount they don't. There are rules - contrary to what their website says \"all active and retired Military.\" \u00a0You are required to either be 100% disabled, recipient of a Purple Heart, served for 20+ years and retired, etc. \u00a0I find this to be utterly ridiculous and basically saying that my step-father's service to this country during war time means NOTHING. \u00a0My 12 year old will be very disppointed but trust me I will never spend another dime at any Disney park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "As others have said, cast members aren't anything close to the courtesy we used to expect.   Do not pay the $25 up charge for \"prime seating\" for Paint the Night parade. They tell you it's seating in chairs when you make the reservation. But there are no chairs, except for friends and family of cast members. You sit on the ground, but only if there is room. In other words, you get nothing for your $25.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "With the amount of money that we pay for tickets you'd think they could hire more security check workers. It's been over an hour standing in line and we're not even close to getting through security. They have like 5 workers to screen thousands of people.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Another $1000 day ruined by the handicapped, strollers, and Disney dorks. Last trip I make to this money pit. Hey Disney!! How about limiting the number of \"handicapped\" you allow to skip the the line.....half of the scumbags spent more time walking than riding their scooters.....how about making them show their State handicap credentials to skip the line!!! No more money from me for you....,thanks for the lame trip!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Way too crowded. Triple prices and cut out the annual passes. Limit people to half of what is currently. Way too many people.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "On the day I went to Disneyland the train ride was closed for repairs, the Matterhorn was closed for repairs, Tom Sawyer's Island was closed, Pirates of the Caribbean ride closed for repairs, it's a small world broke down. I asked for a refund after being there one hour and was told that \u00a0Disneyland has a no refund policy. I ask you where the policy was stated and they told me it's on the back of the admissions ticket. \u00a0Shame shame shame on you Disneyland you make millions and millions and millions of dollars every day and you couldn't afford to give me a refund because all of your premium rides were under repair on the day I went. Disneyland is definitely not the happiest place on earth", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Absolutely horrible experience too long wait times overpriced food over priced items over priced tickets beware beware beware One of the most horrible experiences I've had in my life this is for California adventure and Disney they rip you off tell you you have to leave Disney at 6 o'clock then they sell 20 or 30,000 more tickets for the Halloween party that makes it actually able to get on the rides too commercialized not a good experience", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesnt love Disneyland. They really know how to cater to their guests. The park always has something new so it keeps every trips interesting and a new experience. From the new themes on the rides to the shows, it gives you have that feeling of being a kid again and i think thats the goal of Disney.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is a big business! They charge astronomical prices to get in the park. Then ,their rides break and they tell you to come back in 5 hours. They charge 4.50 for a normal sized bottle of water. The food is outrageously expensive.8.50 for an  average hot dog. Maybe they could install misters on hot days. Goofy s kitchen they gouge you for average food. The deserts taste like they came from the local grocery bakery. In the French quarter the outside of the pirates of the Caribbean house waiting in line i noticed spider webs cracking wood not cleaned or recently painted. Noticed spider webs in other areas. Years ago Disneyland was kept up and spotless. Ate at the Blue Bayou restaurant on the Fantasia set menu. Outrageously expensive and except for the bread , salad and creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e the food was average. But they give u a plastic cushion to view Fantasia. Next time I'll pass on that price gauging experience. \u00a0The cars ride was shut down for technical reasons. The haunted house was shut down. Disneyland hotel suite of rooms , mold in shower .headboards on beds ripped and torn .Pool is average. I don't know how young families afford to go to Disneyland and pay park prices and then get price gouged at every turn. I'm surprised they don't charge to use the restroom. Maybe families are over maxing out their charge cards for this ridiculous place. The Disneyland reservation center is rude they act like they are doing you a favor to book your reservation. It was way too crowded and hot!  If you can avoid summertime do so! The Star Wars ride was an hour wait and it's totally over rated.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So disappointed with our three day tickets that ended sooner than the end of the year. ( This is so upsetting I showed up to take my children to use the second and third day of a three day park hopper). I am sorry it expired a year from the date of the promotion for servicemen, not at the end of the year. \u00a0My daughter had surgery and we didn't want to go until she healed fully(broken pelvic). \u00a0I explained but with no prevail \u00a0it didn't matter who I talked to", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The Gestapo Inspection when entering the facility for the Tram to the park has already set the tone. \u00a0 \u00a0 Will update later... they get 1 star at this point.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Amazing. Everything runs like a well oiled machine. It is the king of theme parks! Thank you to all the cast members for making the magic possible.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm taking my wife to the first time in Disneyland best place on earth day after New Year's lions were more OK quite a few people but not real crazy awesome place to go dancing New Year's happy new year", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Today Disneyland \u00a0would not let my Three year old son in because he they said he looked five. \u00a0He's so upset and has been crying all day. I'm at a loss about what to do. I couldn't take him my self because we're not in a financial position to go Disneyland, so when my friend who has a pass offered to take him I was hesitant to let his FIRST time at Disneyland be without his mom and dad, we had come to terms that we won't be there for this experience in his life. HOWEVER wanted him to have that Experience. \u00a0He \u00a0loves CARS and I knew he would love \u00a0California Adventureland. Now I guess \u00a0that's not going to happen for him. I'm very disappointed about how they handled this.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "How lucky to be living in LA~ I can \"drive\" to Disneyland everyday if I want to!  Became an Annual Pass Holder, so worth it!! Love going there early early early in the morning when they first open. Rush to the most popular rides with zero wait time. Plus the weather is cool~", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Weekend Visit Feb.9-11,2018 CONSTRUCTION EVERYWHERE!! Disney I suppose believes they are above the law of giving people, customers, what they have paid a huge amount of money for - in exchange for $330 for one day for two people for a hopper pass, a customer should have available to them a total experience - not a construction laden Main Street (awful mess - ruined our experience!!! so so sad), not four out of order rides, especially the infamous Splash Mountain that we loved 10 years ago when we were last there --this time no parades or fireworks because of the construction. If Disney can't offer ALL of what there is to enjoy at their park in Anaheim in exchange for their exorbitant prices, then they have no right charging the entire full entrance fee to their customers, plus $20 for parking!! Not to mention the overpriced food and drinks. How dare they? They think they're so big and popular that the CEO Robert Iger just ignores a customer complaint- doesn't bother to address it himself because he's such a big shot - so important --customers are why you have a park Mr. Iger! I overheard lots and lots of complaining the day we were there, SO BEWARE PEOPLE, if you go the Disney's on line site to buy tickets, there will not be any disclaimers on THAT page telling you what you will not be getting - there will be no adjustment for the fact that because of construction on Main Street, there will not be any parades or fireworks, there will not be Splash Mountain - you will be ripped off - I was told by their customer relations geek that if you scour their entire website, you will find the attractions that are not available to you and they don't care if you pay full price and not receive the full treatment. She tells me well with a park this size, there will always be some type of construction. Really? Big news - so then give your customers the discount they deserve for the fact they will not have the full experience they imagined they would have thereby justifying spending $350 for one day! And that was off peak! Good grief, they are ridiculous. She also told me other customers had also complained about there not being any disclaimers or information about what attractions were NOT available on the page where you buy the tickets. Would be nice if they would honor their customers' dissatisfaction and change that fact since I'm not the only one left ripped off, but Mr. Robert Iger doesn't want to dare lose a customer so it is clear after speaking with his customer rep, they keep their mess in the park a secret, until you get there. She tells me they definitely have somewhere on their website the information about what is under construction. You've bought your ticket on line (which page had not one piece of information on what you should not expect to enjoy there) and you fly there to find that the place is a mess. I don't have the time to look through every single item on their website- I'm lucky I had the time to find the page to be able to purchase the tickets in the first place. THAT is where they need to tell customers about what they won't be getting although they will be charged the full price, so you can make an informed decision. They are a travesty - crowded beyond belief because they want to let in as many people as possible while the lines are two hours long - plus not offering a discount to a customer because they cannot give you the full experience is theft in my opinion, pure and simple. Will NOT be returning anytime soon, if ever. I can spend $350 elsewhere and get what I paid for in exchange-so beware if you decide to go - call that dump directly and find out what exactly is not up and running at the time (that is what I did after the fact - called directly and was told what was under construction) you wish to go so you can decide ahead of time if you too are willing to have your money stolen by this huge company. Thanks for nothing Mr. Robert Iger, CEO of Disney and your sidekick Kimber who should not have bothered to call me with her insulting reply to my letter.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Friendly and smile to greetings with the Guests. They do have an eye contact, listen, answer and attitude positives.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Crowd control is a joke. Disney needs to figure this sh*t out. You over pay and get little in return.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest most expensive place on earth! We love it here! The lines are long and you'll need a day off to recover from all the waking!! But the food, the atmosphere and the looks on the kids faces are all worth it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Today's trip gets a big FFF. \u00a0Not renewing our annual pass next year. \u00a0Too many people, lines were each over 45 minutes, the new Peter Pan and other rides keep breaking down, place is getting run down wight the quantity of people. \u00a0Kids were miserable! \u00a0Can't eat at the good restaurants unless you book a day in advance. \u00a0Terrible. \u00a0Disneyland has to figure out a way to limit crowds... It's too he point where I think it is dangerous if there is a big accident. \u00a0Stampede mob!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The wait time for rides is too long and I feel that the workers are a little bit racist.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Never fails to bring my imagination and childhood back to life. Though it may be expensive to many, including me, this magical palace has never once lived down Walt Disney's dream to bring family fun to all who enter the gates of Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Horrible. \u00a0Horrible time here. Must have hired some temps for the summer because customer service has really gone downhill. \u00a0Ran out of fast passes for space mountain at 3 p.m. \u00a0(really?) \u00a0So, if you must, go early and go on as many rides as you can get in because the crowds, strollers, impatient kids with their pushy parents arrive around noon/1. And also tip you may not know-expect only your proper name on your mouse ears (no nick names and basically nothing else).", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's AMAZING how watching your daughter enjoy herself can bring such happiness. We were celebrating Bailey's 3rd birthday and it was a success. From entry to exit the smiles and laughs never stopped.   I'm not one to complain about the price of parking, tickets, food, etc. especially when the experience lived up to the hype.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love the micheladas at California adventure , my daughter loves coming here i try to bring her 3 times per month !", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Mine and many others favorite place in the world. I enjoy every second of every visit.  I do have one disappointment with Disney not having options for vegans. I myself recently went vegan and it's honestly so hard to find food anywhere but I would think with Disney being so big and diverse they would have better options for people like me who don't consume meat or any dairy products .... (even if it's just a salad or dairy/meat free soup of any sort) anyway I did find one place in the fairytale land by Snow Whites ride called the red rose tavern I believe and they have a vegan sandwich served with garlic fries ! So if you are vegan that's one place I know definitely has something for you to eat . DISNEY YOU NEED TO STEP UP YOUR GAME .", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The saddest and poorest place on earth. \u00a0With a one park ticket going for $99 and a premium AP pass jumping to $780 each. \u00a0It is greed at the very worst. \u00a0Merchandise at an all time low with poor craftmanship while cost rises. Addjtional restrictions on fastpassess and tickets and still expect you to take a loan out to visit. \u00a0 Here, come visit us at Disneyland so we can tell yiu what you cant do and what shows you cant see. \u00a0Over rated for the cost, take the money and go visit an island with the family.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My best friend had knee surgery and I had a note from her doctor stating that she couldn't be on her legs for a long period of time, they did absolutely nothing to accommodate her whatsoever. They were so rude and unkind. I even went to extra mile to call over the supervisor who did absolutely nothing. For $120 this place deserves 0 stars. I have been coming to Disneyland for over 20 years and this is my last time coming.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't love the friendliest place on earth!?! There should be a special five golden stars for Disneyland -not much more to say than that.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Make sure you check your parking ticket whey you tell the attendant you want preferred parking. \u00a0God forbid you ask a parking attendant. \u00a0Wish I got her name, she refused to say anything more than you need to exit and renter parking to pay for preferred parking. \u00a0She refused to tell us how to park with the ticket we had. \u00a0I'm from Hawaii and while I don't expect Aloha here I do expect all Disney employees to be helpful. \u00a0Time to train your parking lot employees Disney.  We went on to have a great time until I hurt my back coming off a ride so we made our way to First Aid because I knew I couldn't make it to the car. \u00a0They were very caring and made me an ice pack and by the time we got out of the park I was feeling Minch better. \u00a0They had an escort take us to the car park tram to make sure I got on safely!  So while we started off disappointed, we ended up very happy because 99% of the employee were great and just the 1 parking attendant needed an attitude adjustment.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is the original home of Mickey Mouse and I'll always love it. There's always more to explore and so many fun things to do and see. I worked there for years, but I still love going back. I wish I could go more often.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So before Covid I really loved the rides my favorite favorite one was guardians of the galaxy", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My family and I went here last Summer. Treated badly by some staff who made some remarks that were racist and the attitude to match was equal by their boss (Annalise Stratton), Claims Administrator at The Walt Disney Company. We had disabled people in our group and when we made a claim with her about the situation she gave attitude and made us send receipts which we found later and sent to her. After all the jumping through hoops as she requests, she acts as if she never said she would take care of us if we can show her the proof. For someone that has a BS in business and in human resources as she claims and a education in pre law as she claims, you would think she would be more up and against discrimination and more open to the disabled instead of giving them a hard time and making them jump through hoops for her amusement and then not taking care of them in the end.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love love love it. It's my happy place, my wife's happy place, and soon to be our beautiful daughters happy place. Thanks for the great memories.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This review is solely on Mickey Mouse yes Mickey only the most important character at Disney!!!!! I've stood in line a couple of times for Mickey with my 3 year old son since he was a baby and I swear every time it's such a horrible experience from the long lines to Mickey taking his sweet time with \"known@ people to finally meeting him and rushing us to take a picture and getting the heck out of the way. It's so sad!!! I recently took my baby girl to meet him for the first time and OMG!!! We left Mickey pissed!!! Last time I ever stand in line to take pictures with him. Minnie Mouse is the best!!! So is the other characters we've stood in line for but damn Mickey way to represent the happiest place on earth by getting us upset", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is really a wonderful place. This was my first time going here and it was just amazing. Seeing how Walt Disney imagination came to love and how everyone at this place is dedicated to there role. I didn't notice any unhappy workers and they were more than helpful when asked something", "rating": 5}, {"text": "You can't go wrong with Disney. I don't care who you are. The funniest place on earth!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This review is for the security. My mother who has a defibrillator CANNOT go through metal detectors or have the wand done. Tonight while leaving Downtown Disney she was chosen to go through the metal detector she kindly told them she could no go through. They proceeded to wand her and she told them she cannot have it near her defibrillator. She asked them 3 times to not have it near there and the lady made her put up her arm and went right over the spot where her defibrillator was!! She was like \"oh sorry it was a mistake\" AIRPORTS don't even use the wand on her, she gets a pat down. THIS COULD COST MY MOTHERS LIFE. she now has to spend a few hundreds of dollars to go to her heart center doctor to make sure it's still working because there's a high chance that when it comes into contact with a wand that it will no longer work. We had to leave for the airport and couldn't speak with guest relations, but we keep trying to call and no one will pick up.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If your idea of fun is paying upwards of $150/person for the privilege of standing in slow moving lines, getting your feet run over by tub o' lards in \"mobility scooters,\" getting clipped in the back of the legs by a brigade of strollers, and eating marginal food at exorbitant prices, then I've got a place for you. \u00a0An onslaught of stupid will assail all your senses and leave your soul wanting. \u00a0 Only saving grace: \u00a0The corndogs.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest place for sure! Sure, it can get crowded but as an annual pass holder, I can stay here for a few hours to ride rides, look around, and more! It's honestly hard to find the best time to visit now cause it's crowded anytime with tour guides, school field trips, and more. But make sure to get those fast passes and figure out where to eat and make sure to stay hydrated!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I've been having the Disneyland pass for almost 7 years and this time around I've had the worse experience when it comes to waiting in line, I've notice that the people who get the fastpass about 10 groups of them are allowed to go and only one group of the people who are in line are allowed to go. They should do something about that, I pay so much money for that pass it should have some type of Access when it comes to the line for the rides. Not renewing my pass anymore it's too expensive, crowded and especially how they give priority to the fastpass people and not to the people who have a monthly pass. Yes I get it I can get a fastpass too but as a member who pays so much we should have a different line as well. I'm done with Disneyland. Good times Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth for a reason, it's always an amazing time each visit. Amazing food and rides.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Came here for my birthday with my girlfriend. The staff were really accommodating, friendly and professional!   Got my birthday pin and headed out to our Disney adventure. We chose to through tomorrowland and make our way around the park. The longest wait time was around 45mins for the laser quest but the rest were relatively fast with an average of 10-20mins after 3pm.   It was a lot of fun and the parade was an exciting experience! Really glad to have gone and experienced this magical place.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Great time at Disneyland, my boyfriend and I especially enjoyed our interaction with Todd! We asked him why everyone was waiting on the floor and he said it's because they were silly!! Definitely recommend coming here!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I called the operator for few questions they hang up on me. Not very good costumers service. Looks like they give 18 y/o kids answering questions and they are not prepared for that.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Been here at Disneyland for two days and come every other week with my son and the Rides are always broken and after standing in lines for hour and a half to two hours brings me to understand that Disneyland \u00a0is not the happiest place in the world because there's nothing to do but wait and wait and wait and you spend all this money and All you do is wait and wait and wait to end up getting put out the line because the rides break down. Disneyland have become worse than a county fair or actually i have a better time at a neighborhood fair than i do at Disneyland. I think they need to hire and invest more in mechanics and engineers and update the old rides with new technology because really this is not acceptable because as a consumer i pay my hard earned money to come here and all i get to do is wait and get redirected due to broke down rides can i pls get a refund smh I'm so dissatisfied and disappointed, i will be taking a break from this place.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Just a tip for anyone who is looking to become an Annual Passholder!!! When buying your pass, you should definitely pay the extra 100$ for a Disney MaxPass. It's SO WORTH IT! I am currently regretting it because now I pay 15$ every time I go, on the app. But I go at least 2-3 a month so it's biting me in the butt currently. If you're still on edge on whether or not to get it, let me tell you what it does! A Disney maxpass allows you to get fastpasses from your phone, so rather than having to walk over to the fast pass distribution you have it on your phone. It's convenient especially if it's a super crowded day. It also allows you to receive the professional pictures that are taken at designated areas of both parks, for example, one in front of the castle, or in front of the Cars Land ride. Unlimited pictures! Just wanted to share this tip, because once I renew my pass I'm definitely adding Disney Max Pass to save $$$!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I absolutely love Disneyland! Great service and everyones so nice and friendly. I've had an annual pass for over 7 years now and I never get tired of it. They always change and improve the park with seasonal decorations, parades, and shows. They're even adding Star Wars land next year so definitely come here for that.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Went solo to Disneyland + DCA for my birthday, so tips:  1. Got the birthday button from the info booth. 2. Nommed on a churro for breakfast! 3. Pay $10 for MaxPass: 10 fast passes AND unlimited access to photos by any Disney photographer and roller coaster cams. 4. The fried chicken plate at Plaza Inn! 5. Dole whip from the Tiki Hut! 6. Carsland fastpasses run out fast so get'em before 2pm. 7. Always ask if there's a single rider queue and try to look sad. Wave your birthday button at them too. 8. Gumbo and clam chowder- get'em in the Boudin bowls in DCA. I think gumbo is only in Disneyland though. 9. Cream-cheese filled pretzels and ice cream on Main St! 10. Alfredo pasta from Plaza Inn is pretty good too! 11. Hit all the big rides first thing in the morning and always be holding onto a fastpass. Lines are doable at 40min or less wait. 12. Hit up The Cove Bar at DCA for lobster nachos, tritip sliders, and the not-so-secret Fun Wheel cocktail.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If you can't have fun here why did you come. Really. Why. Yess it gets crowded during the summer. Duh kids are out of school.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth but too expensive!!!! Their food quality is horrible and the lines are too long.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "A couple weeks ago my wife and I chaperoned our high school choir to and from a music competition at Disneyland. We competed against a dozen schools from around the country and had several volunteer parents distributed amongst the students. The event occurred over several days and during our free time we - of course - visited the park.   I'm an avid photographer and act as the appointed picture-taker at our group's performances. This trip was no different except when I entered the security area near the ticket booths.   I was stopped due to my cameras.   And was told I could not enter without a pre-approved escort from the Disney organization. And since I didn't have a pre-approved escort I had to either take my cameras back to the car/hotel or not enter. I had a multi-day/multi-park pass, but that apparently had no bearing.   I asked why and was told plainly...those are the regulations. I told them I had not seen those regulations posted and the reply was that there were too many to publish them on the marketing collateral.   I carried one camera on each shoulder and a lens in my hand. When I pressed the issue I was told the equipment was too 'professional'. I pointed out that I had witnessed several other park-goers with similar camera gear.   Their response was a curt...\"they slipped by us.\"  At that point I got verbally agitated and a second security person shouldered up to the first one. I asked to speak to a manager and was politely asked to wait outside the security area while a call was made.   The call was made.   And during the call the first security person paced back and forth excitedly while gesturing his hands in tense discussion.   Then he waved me through but asked for my ID, cell phone number and the name of our school.  Only after that was I allowed \u00a0in...but several unnecessary and \u00a0tense moments had passed and NO reason was given for my eventual admission.   It all seemed so pointless; especially in light of the fact I have visited the park and stayed in the Disneyland hotels several times over two decades - with my wife and young children. Not once over those two decades was I ever shaken down for having expensive looking cameras.   In the age of iPhones and other excellent photography equipment the unnecessary imposition is still galling.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This star is in review to the medical personnel at Disney. \u00a0My friend and I were waiting in line at Pirates of the Caribbean ride and all of a sudden a young girl was having a seizure. \u00a0As a nurse I immediately reacted and another fellow nurse assisted. \u00a0Unfortunately it took forever and I mean forever for medical personnel to respond. \u00a0Thank god we were there to assist. \u00a0Advice; don't have a seizure or get hurt at Dland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "No matter the day or season, Disneyland never disappoints. It really is the happiest place on earth. Even just for an hour on a lunch break to sit and people watch. I've worked here and I've been here hundreds of times and it never gets old. Thank you for always being magical and brightening our days with your happy music and entertainment. And thank you for letting me drive Casey Jr! P.S. you can ride Casey Jr during the fireworks and it's unreal. You're welcome", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My husband and I love Disneyland! Each time we go it brings back a little memory of our childhood. Now with a daughter on the way, we are excited to make new memories with her and our growing little family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Absolutely painful and horrific experience. \u00a0 Packed together like sardines and the line times are so exaggerated you have to multiply 3-4x to get accurate time. \u00a0Couldn't pay me to come back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH   + Research FAST PASS (Free) and USE IT!!! Max Pass is an option, but we didn't need it. Use Max Pass if you go on a busy day.   + Download the Disney app to check on wait times - it is accurate!!! You can also view photos and order food (even food lines can be long).   + Stay for the fire works, they're amazing! Best viewing spot is from Main Street (fireworks are behind the castle).   + Go to the Tiki Room for Dole Whip (go inside to avoid the long line)   + Best desserts are on Main Street at the cafe - the park mostly has churros, ice cream, popsicles, etc.   + Toon Town is for the younger tots, but definitely go to Mickey and Minnie's houses, and ride the Roger Rabbit ride!   + Ride the train to give your feet a break!   - The only downside is that Indiana Jones was broken down the day we went... my favorite ride :(", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Its Disneyland, what more do you have to say.  Its getting to a point where it is kind of expensive but i read up on some articles and how they want to start a program for their employees to go to college seems really nice.  TIP: If you are going to go during the summer get ready for some heat! BRING A LOT OF WATER (water at the park (except the bottle water 5$) taste nasty and is lukewarm) Bring some suntan lotion Download the disney app to see wait times  Download some games to play with your family and friends lines will seem shorter. if it is just you and your girlfriend/boyfriend then only bring one backpack so then you will not be hung up in line before entering the park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Amazing place! Make sure you get the fast pass ticket and download the app. Makes your day much more enjoyable and convenient.  Also definitely loved the New Orleans food and final fire works!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is definitely one of my favorite places to go ! I've been an annual passholder for the last 6 years and have held strong even through the price increases. As a premium member I have no blackout dates and I get parking included in my membership. I prefer coming here as an annual passholder because there is much less pressure to get around the park in a day rather than if you bought a one time ticket. Usually I only last here for about 4-5 hours before I get tired. My day usually consists of eating food in the park at one of the restaurants and going on all the rides that have the shortest wait times. My favorite ride in the Disneyland side of the park is Big Thunder Mountain and Space Mountain. My favorite place to eat in this park is Pizza Port. Disneyland can get very crowded, but if you aren't in a rush, you will find there is plenty to do and plenty rides that are less busy at times. You can also get a fast pass for your favorite ride and come back to that ride later. There also a ton of shows to see as well. Even with the rise of the prices, I still feel that it is worth it. The customer service here is top of the line. Parking is systematic so you will always find a spot. Come to Disneyland you won't regret it! It's totally the Happiest Place on Earth!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Here for my birthday and this is not the happiest place on Earth. This is a greed driven corporate business. For the price you pay for tickets, they can't even throw in a poncho to cover you from the rain unless you shell out a ton of cash for them. Try to take shelter in a shop or restaurant lobby and they ask you to leave. I have never seen such heartless employees in my life. Waiting to see Mickey right now....oh wait, he's not out in the rain. It's not right that a company, that is catered towards family happiness, care so little about the people who spend their hard earned money to visit only to be met with negative experiences. I know in the end of the day, it is all about making money, but everything there is expensive and constantly increasing in price. I will say the staff at Downtown Disney is phenomenal. Cashier Jacob in the Disney store knows how to treat guests. The manager of the store (gentleman with glasses) knows how to treat guests. The staff at the confections shop in Downtown Disney is top notch. It's amazing how ther service is so much better in the free area, than the area you pay $600 to visit. The Disneyland staff in the park are edgy, brass and at times downright rude. I swore off Disneyland \u00a0during my last visit, but Star WarsGalaxy's Edge sucked me back in. Will this be my last visit, probably not (thanks to Star Wars). I would give 5 stars to this area alone, but the rest of the experience is always pretty lousy.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Yesterday on the morning of November 30 at about 8:30 am we had the best experience from the start. We had our photos done at the entrance by a great photographer. I failed to catch his name but he was great. My toddler was happy too. Most photographers are about business but this guy went out of the way to make our experience the most memorable.  Here are the photos he took. He seriously should be considered for a promotion and a coach job of teaching other photographers how to give the best Disney experience. The rest of the day, my family and I couldn't help but to feel happy. I can't forget such a person that made our vacation magical.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is by far my favorite amusement park on this planet, I just became an annual past holder last July and it has been the best decision I've made. My boyfriend and I absolutely love coming here once a month, the place just stays magical and it always leads me to coming back!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney has gone dowwwwnnnnnnn hilllllll. Their prices are absolutely ridiculous. And the fast passes are junk. I shouldn't have to wait 20-30mim in line just to try and use my fast pass. When the line outside the ride is longer then the standby line there is a HUGE PROBLEM. \u00a0I'm so disappointed right now standing in this fast pass line. Also they need to do a much better job indicating where to get a fast pass. We went right over by buzz lightyear to get a fast pass for that attraction and ended up somehow with a star toursfast pass.  Turns out they are in the exact same spot. And when we came back to use the passes and noticed they weren't for buzz light year the people that work here are not helpful or accommodating at all. Pretty much ruined the day. This is actually the MOST UNHAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH And even in a rainy over cast day this place is over crowded. I'm sad for Disneyland. I feel bad for my friend spending so much money on tickets for this place.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Absolute garbage. Not only have they removed the majority of the attractions that we went to as kids, as if that wasn't enough, they also kicked us out of the park for being \"drunk\". We weren't drunk. We weren't even tipsy. We were also there for a college student only event, so even if we had been intoxicated, at the very least we would have had a reason for it. Instead, we were treated like dirt, we weren't allowed to ride the bus that took us there, again we were not intoxicated in the slightest, but still they made us walk almost 2 miles to our car. 2 god damn miles. My girlfriend cried. She cried.... and they still made us walk 2 miles to our car. Don't go. Just don't go. They have too much power and they abuse it way too much. They're lucky I'm not bringing a lawsuit to my next visit to Disneyland. Garbage place.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I went to Disneyland in the spur of the moment one day I ended up loving it the next day I went to ca adventure... wow.... I bout a balloon a red Mickey Mouse one and watched the parade it was so cool. I wonder why more people do not buy balloons??", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What a rip! \u00a0It was sooooooh crowded! \u00a0All the more adult rides were 60-110 minute wait times. \u00a0We arrived at noon, left at 7:30 pm and got on 4 rides. \u00a0Spent $520 on tickets for the 4 of us- wait times at Ca Adventure Park were just as long. \u00a0 Corporate greed all the way- the rides are great once you get on them, but capacity should have been 1/2 the number of people who were there yesterday to justify the cost of tickets! \u00a0  Two of the rides we did were water rides, Splash Mountain, being one- we only managed to get on that one with Fast passes as it was a 90 minute wait otherwise. \u00a0Well the sun had just gone down and we got so cold. \u00a0Every outdoor restaurant I can think of has the outdoor gas heaters- but in Disneyland, not one- and the inside of the restaurants didn't have any heaters on either. \u00a0We spent another $60 on food which was very average and overpriced like everything else. \u00a0It was cold last night let alone being soaked through; we couldn't warm up, it was miserable!  If Disney wants to pack us in that bad that we wait minimum of an hour for a 5 minute ride, where is the justification for charging $130 each for a hopper ticket? \u00a0 Only reason we went this time of year was to take our niece who had never been and she is staying right now. \u00a0Anyway we are cured for life- what a waste of $600 hard earned dollars!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'm heartbroken to post this review because Disneyland has been a part of my life since I was little, but it's necessary. Something needs to be done about the crowds. There needs to be a cap on the amount of people that are allowed in the park so wait times for 5 minutes rides aren't 75 minutes. Fast passes no longer hold value with the sea of people flooding the park. Spent over 500$ to be shoved in 90 degree heat and ride 4 rides.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is such a magical place! What can you say about Disneyland that has not already been said. We got the annual pass and we visit here about 3-4 times a month, we usually come here on Mondays A little bit less of a crowd then on the weekends. My son absolutely loves this place!   Tips: If you get there early i recommend MaxPass which is $15 per person. If your kids or yourself love taking pictures with the park photographers and if you have the MaxPass, simply show them the barcode on your phone and pictures will automatically download to the app. Also Bring your own water bottle and snacks to save some money.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "C'mon. \u00a0It's Disneyland. \u00a0The Happiest Place on Earth. \u00a0If you find something wrong at Disneyland you need to exit the park, rediscover your inner child then proceed to go back in. This is a place of smiles and memories. \u00a0With your family and friends. If you pissy here there is no hope for you. \u00a0  Yes its expensive $$$$$$ \u00a0Yikes But hey if you dont like it spend your money at one of the hundreds of family fun places in Southern California.   A definite experience for out of towners. \u00a0For locals it's a lifestyle.   Just smile &amp; have fun. Can not even post pictures. \u00a0It's too immense.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Fast pass max is not worth it, you have to wait 90 mins to use for each ride. So far nothing but waiting in line. Go to Universal Studios in stead.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland. It's my happy place where I get away from the stresses of life. My friends and I have AP's &amp; we're always going here. I love riding Space Mtn, Pirates and Haunted Mansion. Last time we were there, I also got to take pictures with Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse &amp; Goofy. I always say that we are all kids @ heart.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland really is the happiest place on earth! \u00a0All the old classic rides are just as good as I remembered. \u00a0The updated space mountain was awesome! \u00a0My favorite rides were probably timber mountain and the haunted mansion. \u00a0Definitely get the max pass on the Disney app so you can skip the lines and see the wait times. \u00a0Make dinner reservations months in advanced because the restaurants I wanted to check out were booked. \u00a0Ended up going to Cafe Orleans which was really good though. \u00a0Plan on spending the entire day here because we were here open to close and didn't even see everything. \u00a0Can't wait for our next Disney trip!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always my favorite place to be ! Always a welcoming , fun, bright , and exciting place to be . Will forever love coming here", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's DISNEYLAND! You either love it or you hate it. We happen to enjoy it very much. Grow up coming here as a kid and will be taking my kids in the future. I could go on forever and ever about what we enjoy and what we don't. Warning if its crowded just deal with it. This is one of the most popular destinations in the world. Expect crowds so when it isn't crowded you'll love it even more. Parking has gotten more expensive but due to high volume of people.   So I will start with the entrance of the park. For the most part it move's pretty quickly. Please have your tickets and ID's ready if need be. Helps the process. I love seeing the train station as one of the first things in the park. Walt loved trains so makes sense that this would be one of the first things. You enter Main Street and you can explore all of the shops and restaurants. You land in the middle of the park and get to choose which \"land\" to begin with. If its a crowded day I try to go to Tomorrowland and get a fast pass for space mountain. Love that ride. I feel like I could write about every single ride and restaurant and tie it to my memories but thats why you have to just get lost and explore yourself. I enjoy coming all year round but especially during the Holidays.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love Disney have never not had a great time here. It not for those that don't want to spend a ton of cash but if you have it and want wonderful memories this really is the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If I could I would give this place zero stars. I haven't been to Disneyland in about 15 years and decided to go because I have never seen the holiday fireworks and snow. Both the fireworks and the snow were cancelled and to try and make up for it one of the employees have my boyfriend and our two friends a fast pass to Indiana jones which broke down after we waited over 30 minutes in the line. I will never go back to Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is the best place for adults and kids so much fun me and my fam favorite ride is It's a Small World", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I didn't notice my annual pass was blocked out today. I was just going to walk around and get a few hours of exercise. Instead of being accommodating like they used to and allowing you to pay $20 for entrance managements decision was to not allow me in. The policy should change especially when their customers spend so much money not only on the pass but merchandise. They are losing a customer that spends a lot of money in the parks.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "When coming here, you need to be smart and prepared. Bring your own water, and snacks. They let you bring your own drinks and food (as long you don't have to microwave)! Bringing your own drinks and food would save you TONS of money, you can buy their snacks for the experience. In my opinion, the best snacks are in California adventure!! Wait lines are soooo long, BUT there are fast passes, you can only get one at a time, pick a ride that you want to ride the most and get that fast pass, as you wait for that time to come up, go watch shows or wait in another line for a ride. It's super crowded, don't be afraid to push these f***ers out of the way, (don't literally push them ofcourse) they don't care if they hit you with their stroller or nudge you, so don't be afraid yourself, you will not get any where!!! Other than that, enjoy your time. I have the pass, I get free parking and I come here when I don't have class!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Pour customer service all they care about is getting their money they don't care about customers. It sucks because they know everyone will come because of the place , so they can treat them bad !!all the way to management.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney is just an amazing and magical experience, I personally went to Disney for the first time this year and let me just say \" I was a kid all over again\". There are ways to get into the park quicker like not having bags to check. But in over all a little tip next time for anyone who goes is ride single rider because majority of the ones in lines are in huge groups.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Everything about this place is amazing; the staff, the rides, the shows, the food, the characters, the entire experience is absolutely magical.   Expensive   Lines suck", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Very pleasant trip! It was worth the $125 ticket!! Enjoyed the rides and parades. Probably will not get the annual pass as my child is much older now but once in a while it's such an awesome place to go revisit our childhood stories and fantasies.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love coming to Disneyland!! It makes me feel like a child and super happy I swear! If you come here and don't get a churro you're missing out. Plus there's no longer smoking allowed and their really strict about entering the park with tobacco. The rides are marvelous!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I had a rape whistle thrown away by the security at the park for god knows what. It's an emergency device. I am not gonna abuse it. What if some costume freak came after someone? Then there are hardly any maps of the park inside so it's like walking in circles. Having a map on the phone only works when your phone lasts all day. And 4.25 for a water bottle? Really?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Enjoyed the new Star Wars themed area. \u00a0You have to make a reservation to get into the Cantina so we missed our chance there but the new ride was exciting. \u00a0One issue is that you have to push buttons and can't fully enjoy the ride.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I recently went to Disneyland for the first time in 20 years and it ended up being the single most disappointing and frustrating experience that I've had at any attraction in my life.  It's a long story why I'm so disappointed but suffice it to say, one of their \"Cast Members\" screwed up and this screw up led to an awful day at the park.   I complained onsite about their mistake but the supervisor helping me, while courteous, wasn't able to satisfy my complaint. She said she simply didn't have the power to do so. Later that evening, I contacted their Guest Services department via email and they were just as courteous but useless, only responding that they would let the appropriate people know of the screw up. There was no attempt at making things right for me, even though they admitted their Cast Member had made a mistake that led to problems for me.   I'm saddened that Disneyland and it's Guest Services department simply doesn't care about their customers, especially when they are the ones that made mistakes. We're all replaceable in their eyes so they could care less to make things right with any single individual. I question what Mr. Disney would think about how his staff handles its customers today.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am a so cal resident ticket holder and my family are signature pass holders. We come to Disneyland all the time and always have a great time. Today we went to the ticket kiosk and were very upset with the rude service we received from George from Houston Texas. He acted like he didn't want to help us figure out how to get me tickets for two days because My pass was blacked out and my families weren't. We were trying to figure out how to purchase tickets for the next two days and go back to grand California hotel. He was so unhelpful and made us feel stupid which we didn't appreciate it. Went to another kiosk lady who guided us through the next two days and we were so grateful but this experience is making me think twice before renewing our four passes.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth! \u00a0Nuff said!  MaxPass is a must! \u00a0Not only does it save time, but you can also download pictures for free! \u00a0The only problem is to find filler rides between FastPass rides. \u00a0Instead of waiting in lines, you can now find a place to take breaks  1. Download the Disney app.  2. Complete your profile with credit card info.  3. Upon getting into the gate, put the tickets into the app.  4. Purchase MaxPass!   5. Go to Millenials Falcon ride. \u00a0  6. Get your first FastPass for the next ride.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I would rather tweeze every hair of my body one by one then stand in a Disneyland line! ..........I use to really enjoy this place as a child l, but now it's almost a torture device for anyone that visits the park. 1. I feel awful for people that save a lifetime to bring their children to Disneyland just to stand for hours to ride a 5 minute ride. At the end of the day you may get to experience 3 rides and oh yes stand in line another hour for a stale churro. 2. With the whole paying an extra 15 dollars to buy the fastpass a good idea but once again for people visiting from other places or first time visitors so unfair. It seems to me that Disneyland has become a quantify vs quality situation. So if you like to be shoved in a place like a sardine while you try to poke your ears with a corn dog stick so you dont have to hear another child tantrum because they are being forced to stand in line for hours, then go right ahead and drop your money here and enjoy your day as a sardine!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have never had a complaint about Disneyland until my recent visit. Has to be hands down the worst experience I have ever had there. Got fast passes for Startours in the mean time we headed over to Indianna Jones and ended up getting stuck on the ride! After that ordeal headed over to use our fast passes. The cast member at the front told us that since we were late for the time she could not let us in and that we either had to wait in line or get another fastpass. Tried to explain that it was not our doing since we got stuck on the ride and had to wait to get off. The cast member then insisted that we need to plan out our day accordingly and refused to let us in (not like it was a group of 10 it was only 4 of us). She insisted that it would mess up their numbers?!  Finally asked for a manager since this is nothing like past experiences at Disneyland where the cast were always so accommodating. Manager came and insisted that we need to plan out our day to better fit our fastpasses. As we were discussing the matter with the manager a guest in line proceeded to yell at us and get in the matter of the discussion. When we answered back the cast member insinuated that we started the argument and wanted to get security involved. After explaining once again that the guest in line started yelling at us he calmed down and just told us that it was our fault that we were stuck.   Went to guest services since we had the issue with the guest in line and just how the cast members over all handled the matter and all they said was sorry for the inconvenience. This whole issue just goes to prove that Disneyland is all about taking your money now a days and does not care about the Disneyland experience that thousands if not millions travel to experience each year. Honestly re-thinking about renewing our annual passes.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hi everyone I only give it 2 stars since I am a local that lives no more than blocks away from this so call magical place \u00a0it's true there's no magic anymore the local residents can't even get annual passes with out droping thousands of dollars at this park it used to be fun .now with all the over developing that has been done it's to cry for I hope that the out of state families that come over to see this park aren't as disappointed \u00a0as I was on the 21st all we did was walked around the walk that blocks all main street if you were spending 200 per person would you like to see at least a parade and the turkey leg tasted ruberish \u00a0it a shame I live in Anaheim for 26 yrs and it's time to moved out", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So much fun it rained which meant no lines can't wait to come back castle is under construction, but it's still a lot of fun", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is honestly one of my favorite places ever, I have so many memories here. I actually was a cast member back in 2015-2017 and it was such an experience. I recommend this place for families, lovers everyone, it's honestly everything people hype it up to be. Happiest place on earth", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Truly the happiest place on earth  Love this place  Great places to eat as well.....try the Plaza Inn they have the best fried chicken", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have had a Disneyland pass for 2 years now and I love it! I wish some things were a bit more exclusive to SoCal members only but I understand people pay! Forever a kid at Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "AMAZING \u00a0Love Disneyland! Pricey BUT the memories are priceless. Moving close by soon", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland! If you're planning to visit make sure to stay for more than two days. Disneyland is huge and so is California Adventure, some rides go up to 80min waiting time, make sure to get fast passes to skip the lines. I'd also advise you to get the Disneyland app, it helps a ton on showing the waiting times for each ride and which characters are roaming the park! Also if you're planning on buying multiple souvenirs you should go to World Of Disney on the Downtown Disney boardwalk, if you buy them inside of Disneyland you'll have to be carrying them around, maybe it's just me but I find carrying souvenirs annoying. Yes there is very long lines for almost everything so be patient if you go.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is not what it use to be. TOO MANY PEOPLE, TOO CROWDED for such a small park. I feel sorry for the families that saved up enough money and travaled long distances to what they thought was \" the happiest place on earth \" only to have such a HORRIBLE experience. WARNING! do not go on the 4th of july, extremely nightmarish especially if you have kids and a stroller.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH, get an annual pass because you cant do disneyland in one day. I love dosneyland with all my heart. This place is perfect!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What can I say... everything is so well done here. The entertainment is spectacular. The park is really well kept and the employees are extremely courteous and welcoming. The food game could be stronger but you can't deny this beautiful park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The saddest, greediest place on earth!  I have not been to Disneyland in over 10 years. \u00a0I used to think fondly of this park. \u00a0But now that I have a son, I thought I would bring him there to create beautiful memories. \u00a0Disaster!  Disneyland has turned into a corporate, money grubbing, take no prisoners, money grubbing business. \u00a0  1. We went Monday, Oct 3. \u00a0We drove 3 hrs to get there. We got there at 2pm. \u00a0We were informed that they are closing at 6pm because they are cutting the regular time to make way for the Halloween night party. \u00a0Which by the way, we can join if we pay EXTRA. \u00a0Mind you, we already paid $95 for a mere 4 hours worth, which was \u00a0cut down to 3 hours because of the shuttle trip from the parking lot and the slow, entrance ticket lines. \u00a0  2. Pay online for your tickets, then waste 45 minutes to get your paper tickets. \u00a0what? \u00a0Why bother buying tickets online?!  3. \u00a0Six of the rides were closed for repairs/renovations. \u00a0  4. Customer service is down the toilet. \u00a0I asked an employee where the nearest bathroom was, she said \"over there to your left\", as she hurriedly walked away. \u00a0 I asked a store employee where to buy key chains souvenirs. \u00a0I got a rude answer, for slowing down the line. \u00a0I can tell that most of the employees there are spread thin, not paid well, and not happy with their jobs.  5. This is not a racist comment, but where are the American English-speaking employees? \u00a0I would say that 70% of the employees we saw at the park are either Asians/Filipinos, Indians, or Hispanics. \u00a0The lady who rang us up at the souvenir shop was having a difficult time with my request for a \"smaller size\" and \"if there was a fitting room\". \u00a0All she could say was, \"56. 56 your total\". \u00a0  6. \u00a0No more Electric Lights parade. \u00a0No more day time shows by the lake or on the street.  7. \u00a0$21 dollars for a mickey mouse paper hat for a baby?!! \u00a0  8. \u00a0Besides the parade, I did not see one single Disney mascot walking around the park to take pictures with. \u00a0 \u00a0Guess, what they are all at the Toon Park which you need to PAY EXTRA to get in because of the Halloween Rip-off special.  9. On the way out, Mickey and Minnie are taking pictures by the big Jack O-Lantern. \u00a0But guess what... (YOU GUESSED IT)... PAY EXTRA! \u00a0to take pictures with them.  Disgusting.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always so much fun visiting Disneyland Park, don't think I've ever had a bad experience here, well worth the money.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I've been to Disney world a million times growing up and this year was my first time being to Disney land. And I can easily say it's 100 times better. The fact that it's the original that Walt designed you can see how much work he put into the original park and wanting it to be a great place for all to enjoy. And California adventure is great. From the incredicoaster to The Guardians of The Galaxy ride you'll have a blast. I grew up on Disney and even now being almost 30 I still love going to Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest Place on Earth. I recommend downloading the app scan your ticket so as you come and go in and out of the park they can scan the digital ticket and thus keeping your original ticket safe in your wallet. If you like popcorn buy the bucket so refills are cheaper.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is literally HOME to me!! I've been going ever since I was a little kid and the vibes has always been the same. From the anticipation while waiting in line to enter the park, to hearing whimsical music, to the smell of churros and popcorn from the stands, to the lovely cast members, to hearing the joyous screams of both adults and children on all the rides, Disneyland really is my second home. I've visited during 4th of July, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and even New Years!! All the decorations melt my heart and every little detail is breathtaking. There's so much I can say about Disneyland/California Adventure but that means I'd be writing a whole novel!! But, all I have to say is that I love Disneyland and I am grateful for what this place has to offer.   Thanks Disney for forever making me feel like a kid at heart.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland has always been the place for my family and I to go to relax and have a good time. I have had a season pass for 6 years now and as of today my wife and I have decided to call it quits . With the new security features they have that I totally agree with, I was \"randomly\" selected for secondary security check. I felt harassed considering I was caring my 4 month old. As I waited for my wife to grab her sweater from the car ( 20 mins max) the only people selected were Caucasian and mostly older folk. ( not racist when it's white?) @disneyland- have everyone walk through the secondary that way you don't have to worry about being to PC and also offending a certain ethnic group. So after a couple hours of me contemplating if spending thousands of dollars here a year was worth it anymore . As we walked through little mermaid in California adventure my wife holding my infant and me carrying my 2 year old some older employee named \" Spencer\" decided to stop the free flowing line to ask my wife where my infants socks were. After explaining that he doesn't wear socks or shoes he said that we couldn't ride the ride. So my wife asked for a supervisor and of course we were allowed on the ride. My wife told three employees that she wanted to speak to a supervisor and of course no supervisor showed. So to conclude my post , if you want to spend hundreds or thousands of dollars to get randomly selected or harassed about a infant not wearing shoes this is the place to go. I don't think Walt ever imagined in his visions that family's would consider this place the most unhappy place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Had a fun time ! First thinking of going thought it was gonna be just for kids but being there is a whole different experience. My lids and i had so much fun as meeting the princess and all the characters and getting wet going on splash mountain ! Would go again soon", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My first and only time prior to November was when I was 16. \u00a0And honestly I never had the \"Disney fever.\" \u00a0Fast forward to our trip a few months back. \u00a0Our toddler still has about a year and a half before we have to pay for him so naturally we wanted to take him for his first ever plane ride/vacay. \u00a0Luckily it was the first day of the holiday season!  We only chose a one day pass. \u00a0A lot of the limited rides we could go on had either a long wait or were done for maintenance. \u00a0One of them was It's A Small World which we knew would have been perfect for him. \u00a0And the Winnie the Pooh ride was down too (his favorite character). \u00a0He did get to meet Pooh and Goofy. \u00a0And the holiday parade at night was truly magical. \u00a0The park is spotless and stroller parking was pretty easy. \u00a0The food situation was a nightmare, but I honestly liked Downtown Disney as well. \u00a0California Adventures was cool when I was younger but not for us on this trip out due to his age.   I'd like to give it a 4 due to the limitations. \u00a0I also wrote to them stating my disappointment for his first trip (my SIL friend got comp vouchers) and I just got a lukewarm \"apology.\" \u00a0However, anything less than a 5 rating to Disneyland, would make me an A-hole in a ton of people's eyes. \u00a0I have to admit I felt the magic this trip out due to seeing my little guy's happiness and being able to see things through his eyes.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I will never buy another ticket or annual pass again. \u00a0 I am horrified at Disneyland's customer service, so many loyal years of being a pass holder and I was treated terribly.  In December I bought a military park hopper, over the phone a representative explained that I could buy a 2020 military park hopper and still use it that same day in December. \u00a0At the ticket booth I explained my scenario and I was sold what I thought was a 2020 military park hopper. \u00a0I stupidly didn't even check the \"fine print\" come to find out this month that it was actually a 2019 park hopper. \u00a0I called to see if I could find a resolution and Sabeena the supervisor basically said they couldn't do anything for me since the ticket states it expired Dec 21 2019. \u00a0I asked her if it was a cast members responsibility to explain expiration dates to the purchaser and she said no. \u00a0She had 0 empathy and was super condescending. \u00a0I no longer will give any money to Disney. \u00a0A multi billionaire dollar company and they can't bother with appropriate customer service.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "overpriced customer low priority if u can avoid this place! everything is unaccomadating to the customer. sadly we accept this", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Security guards \u00a0made me waste 45 minutes of my time a cooler with wheels   I was told by the Disney park I can bring all these products", "rating": 1}, {"text": "$149 for one day? They're marginalizing middle class families. Disney is run by Scrooge McDuck.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "March 5th My son and I were visiting the park. Approximately 615 pm someone stole our stroller as we got off a ride in fantasyland.   Security came and took some notes. After an exchange of information she said she would file the report at city hall after she walked the perimeter to look for the stroller. I told her I walked everywhere and could not find it.   Only item other than the stroller that upset my son was his Darth Vader light up umbrella was stolen.   The reason I'm giving a score if 1 star is it has been over two weeks and I haven't heard anything from Disneyland. \u00a0I haven't had a chance to go to the park to follow up. \u00a0  We have been a pass holder for years and it's upsetting that something like this would even occur. \u00a0But what's more upsetting is that we haven't heard a peep from Disneyland regarding this matter. \u00a0  Warning if you go to the park with a stroller. \u00a0Do Not Leave Anything of Value in the stroller. \u00a0And if things get stolen. Do not expect any help.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I LOVE DISNEYLAND! For the young and young at heart. It's pricey, but so worth it. A little planning and good time management go a long way and will help you make the most of your Disneycation. Especially with the new Stars Wars addition. It'll blow your freakin' mind! I went with my daughter and nephews for my birthday in January and we're gonna turn it into a yearly thing.   J.U.S.T. G.O. It's fun to go with younger kids, it's a billion times more fun to go with adults. It brings out the kid in you (minus running to the bathroom to go potty, falling asleep in a stroller, and the basic 2 year old tantrums and hysterics). As a Star Wars fan...OMG, imagine turning a corner and seeing a life size, in your face Millennium Falcon. There's no words, maybe even a few tears of wonderment and joy. The Resistance is strong. The Force flows through you.   It's the happiest place on Earth. 100%", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What a deal. 100 bucks to stand in line for hours. Parking is a give away at just 20 bucks.... oh and the food it is delicious, and very very affordable. I can see how a family should expect to part with 1500 easily. This place is outdated broken down joke! 3 of the main rides needed repairs while I was there... the lines had just a short 2-3 hour wait..... \u00a0I'd rather stay home pull my teeth myself then visit this clunker again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "went to disney on monday december 3rd, 2018 w/ my boyfriend &amp; i had such an amazing time! the way they are doing things at the park now causes everything to run smoothly &amp; also allows you to get fast passes quicker. lines weren't too bad which is great especially since it'll be peak season starting mid december. definitely looking into getting an all year pass hopefully next year!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is one of the greatest theme park in the world. \u00a0However with the recent increase in price, I intend to write a strongly worded letter to Bob Iger. \u00a0Nonetheless, the park is always a blast with my friend Jonerick. \u00a0My other friend Dee Em McCheebs really enjoys the ride Buzz Lightyear but you better watch out, other riders might nat your phan.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's the happiest place on earth except when it's closed. My favorite ride is Indiana Jones Adventure. My favorite food is located at the Rancho del Zocalo restaurant because the delicious food portions are big with a reasonable price. The best bathrooms that are always empty are at the entrance of Disneyland to the right after crossing under the train station. I highly recommend to go as soon as the doors open to the most popular ride that does not have fast pass, then get fast passes for the next most popular ride and continue onto the third and so forth. There are many key spots to watch the fireworks from easily, such as from in front of Tom Sawyer Island where you can clearly see the castle projections onto Tom Sawyer Island while glimpsing the fireworks in the background or smack dab in front of the castle. Maneuvering around their guest control is tricky but takes time to master in order to know which way to go at what time to get the best view. Not necessarily will being there earlier mean getting better viewing because people can cut in front of you and block your view last minute. Overall, 10/10 would recommend for those that have grown up with Disney movies and can feel the nostalgia.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on Earth my ass....this was my first and only time going to Disneyland and I'll say I'll never go back. I knew there would be lines and lots of people but nothing could've prepared me for the total chao's that is this place. Fast pass is crap I got a fast pass for the matter horn and then stood in line and got in faster then my pass. There were so many people you couldn't breathe . My daughter waa not impressed she was hot and tired and couldn't walk any farther things are so spread out and all you do is wait wait wait. I must say Walt Disney would turn in his grave if he knew what was happening. I'm a single parent and worked my ass off for months to take my daughter and I couldn't afford to buy anything it's absolutely ridiculous. I'll never go back!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "-before covid-  -employees were rude and NOT helpful when i was asking them for directions.  -WAY TO EXPENSIVE.  -the rides are like literally 5 seconds long. waiting in a 4 hour line for a 5 second ride? no thanks. Either upgrade your rides longer or have chairs for people to sit. jeez -rides keep breaking down. the indiana jones and splash mountain literally stopped 3 times i went on them. Old and unsafe.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "DISNEYLAND. Who in the hell doesn't like Disneyland I can't believe I'm even writing this. Like dude if you don't enjoy Disneyland you might as well just leave . Like what a bum", "rating": 5}, {"text": "*Visited business before COVID-19; appreciation post*  Lately I've been having mad Disneyland withdrawals. I'm sure everyone has been itching to lookout over the Pixar Pier, but I lived in another state last year, therefore I haven't even driven by Disneyland since 2017. Then they opened Galaxy's Edge and I got even more of an edge, but I think it was when I saw the POV of Rise of the Resistance I was at my breaking point. I needed to purchase a pass.  I've never been one of those people to go like 3x's a month or even purchase a annual pass, but I seriously was considering it early this year because I just needed a Disney reboot in my life. I always go through these phases of where I just NEED a Disney trip. I'll plan a whole day trip, we'll go, I act like a 5 year old for a good 24-hours, and I'm good for a couple of months. But right before I convinced myself to buy a FlexPass *BAM* COVID-19 hits!   Lately I've had a really bad itch to go back to DisneyWorld. I even watched all the POV's of rides I've already been on...like I already know what's going to happen. That's how bad it's getting! Maybe this was the universe's way of telling me to hold off. Disney isn't going anywhere...try again when things open back up. So we'll see where this pre-mature Disney addiction takes me. Stay tuned!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Every time I go there bring a kid out of me wanna do everything what I use to do when I was little food rides shops and the parade everything is so beautiful and I can go again n again", "rating": 5}, {"text": "so fun i went with my cousin 2 days ago and it was a blast!!!! i love the food at down town disney too!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Oh my! Went for two days inJanuary. Just not enough to see everything. The best escape from reality ever. Too much fun. Food is a tad expensive but the quality has improved. The Carnation restaurant has the best chicken dinners and it's buffet style. Have to get a churro for sure. And all the ladies had the cute Minnie ear hats. I sure hope they open again soon.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is definitely one of the happiest places in the world. The rides were OK but everyone that worked there was so friendly. I loved meeting Mickey and Minnie and Pluto I wish I could have met the Disney princesses. But we got to enjoy the show at the ends and see the fireworks show I'm almost 27 and I've never been to Disney, and no matter what doesn't matter what age you are I personally enjoyed it, even though I took my younger sister for her birthday. You for sure end up spending more money than you planned. But it's so worth it if you have the opportunity to take your life, \u00a0me and my sisters were not taken to Disneyland as kids, so if you can take your kids there it's so worth it. Don't buy the fast pass its honestly a waste of money however do get the Max past were you can take advantage of having the pictures taken and Uploaded on your phone.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "STOP locking up socal residents' $$$. \u00a0If I didn't use (or only partially used) my socal resident pass that expires May 21, I deserve a refund (or partial refund), as does everyone else in the same circumstance.  These are trying times. \u00a0No day-for-day extension nonsense. \u00a0You do not know when you will open, or what the restrictions will be. \u00a0Do the right thing and issue refunds. \u00a0You are not living up to your reputation.  DISAPPOINTING!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family and I had a good time at the Resort but what is up some of the employees looking like slobs. There were employees that really didn't fit in what the were wearing and their uniforms needed attention. \u00a0Also, since when does Disney allow male employees to have a mustash and beards?! \u00a0That was awful! \u00a0Walt Disney would be very sad to see that the 'clean cut' in his male employees no longer exists. \u00a0If Disney is going to allow this in males they should at least require them to neatly trim their facial hair. Some of these guys looked so bad with their long uneven mustaches and beards! \u00a0I am basing my review on employee looks and nothing else.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My son and I had a fabulous time here, exactly like I expected we would. \u00a0I paid the extra ten dollars so a person and we never waited more than 20 minutes or so for a ride and this was in the middle of summer, albeit a Wednesday, but we did go on a lot of rides. \u00a0Many we just walked straight up to the front of the line. \u00a0At the very end the Fast Pass gods were smiling on us and the use-it-anywhere pass (whatever it's called when a ride breaks) didn't clear after we used it so we rode the train roller coaster (whatever it's called) about six times in a row. \u00a0  I love that Disneyland lets you bring food and drink in. \u00a0We brought in a couple of sandwiches a piece, tons of water, apples cut up with peanut butter packets and even a cookie. \u00a0We did buy Dole Whip, an ice cream for my son (because, obviously, Dole Whip isn't enough to put one into a diabetic coma) and an iced coffee for me, but with bringing our own food in, we only spent about $25 in the park itself.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Too crowded and expensive. \u00a0It maybe a happiest place on earth for kids, but absolutely NOT for parents. \u00a0My kids didn't even enjoy the park at all. \u00a0So what a waste of time and money.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Been here since I was a little kid. Can't ever get tired of the magic and effort put into this place! Went to DLR for 2 days and CAP for 1 day and I personally prefer DLR because it looks like there's more rides than restaurants available. Even though DLR contains a lot of slow-paced rides, the effort that Imagineers have put into creating the rides ever since the beginning of Disneyland is outstanding and remarkable. I really enjoyed going on Space Mountain, Haunted Mansion, the Matterhorn bobsleds, Splash Mountain, and Big Thunder Mountain because they're classics. I think the shops here also have better selection than the shops in CAP. Wouldn't mind moving to Anaheim for college just to get an annual pass for Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Great happily \u00a0ever after   But I really hate to wait long time for a game it's really hot and crowded", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The best. Duh. It's Disneyland... If you're used to Disney World this can be much different so do your research before you go. One huge positive: if you're staying at one of the resorts you can WALK to the parks. At Disney World that's almost impossible. The Downtown Disney district has a lot of nice shops and dining options. But the park itself is awesome. The first park Disney opened, so there's a lot of cool history to see. We came in January last year and it was perfect weather with very low crowds.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Huge shoutout to Disneyland. We just got back from our trip and it was wonderful. Staff was friendly and the park was so clean. Definitely will be returning soon and we upgraded to annual passes. Thanks again for an amazing time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney is no longer a magical experience for all. We arrived at the park at 8:30 as my husband was so excited for the new Rise of the Resistance ride. It was his birthday trip and really the only attraction on his must see list. At 9 Am on the dot, we were given a boarding group of 114. This was as the park opened to the general public. The app then stated that anything higher than 75 may not get called. How can this be? The park just opened, but quickly we learned those staying at Disney properties were able to access earlier. Unfair practices and the website even today says you may be asked to join a queue but not that it mandatory. This is a false claim and all Disney says is that \"They \u00a0take my concerns seriously \" no effort to make it right. Also there was a fire the day we were there and Adventure land closed and was in the dark. You would think that some I would have day one the right thing but I guess those days are over.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Do not waste your time and money. Save yourself from heartache. It will cost you an arm and a leg just to get in, about $115 each person. The place was so crowded that you can't see or do anything. The lines for rides were over 90 minutes if not longer. Everything was so freaking expensive, $30 for a Mickey balloon! Every time I come here the experience is horrendous every time. Stupid and oblivious people everywhere! Teenagers have no respect for people these days, sad. Some people need to know what a shower/bath is and know how to use it. Get a stroller, you get through the crowds a lot faster. A lot of bruised ankles for you stupid tourists. If you stop in the walk way I will ram you with the stroller till you fall or move over. It's not your park you oblivious morons!! You can't fix stupid and they are all over the park, BEWARE. Why do they call it \"common sense\" when it's obviously not common here. The staff are friendly but God forbid if you call a character by the wrong name, just watch how angry they get. So if you love a over capacity park with over priced items and ignorant tourists, this place is for you. The most disgusting place in the entire world. Disneyland is seriously my personal hell.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So not the happiest place on earth. \u00a0We had a trip scheduled for the end of April carefully planned as low season to avoid crowds and excessive hotel rates. Clearly they will not be open and so I tried to refund our tickets and they said too bad. \u00a0The tickets are good for a year and we can simply come later. \u00a0Unfortunately we do not wish to come later as it sucks to go when the park is over crowded. \u00a0It is just the Disney greed. \u00a0Shame on you. \u00a0You continue to ruin the Disney experience.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is SO disappointing.....I never thought the happiest place on earth could be so mean and rude, this was the 3rd time I've been this year and my sisters and I had a fast pass to space mountain and we came 30 mins after our time and the lady working on that ride asked us why we were late and I was trying to explain to her how our dinner reservation took longer and they messed up on my food order so we had to wait extra and she said that it's been like this for 4years already and she can't let us in through the fast pass and the standby was 55mins.... Being told NO at Disneyland especially after it was their mistake in the first place is just NOT the Disneyland I remember and loved when I was a kid especially because we went there and wasted time walking, rushing to go get fast passes we couldn't even use.....Very upsetting and overall killed my experience, not to mention the park in itself has gone downhill I didn't see any Disney characters or any princesses and with all the trash on the floors and the bathrooms being gross and dirty....Point being you should never leave the happiest place on earth (which is definitely NOT the case anymore) mad or upset. I'm not coming back for at least 5 years!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love it because it's fun magical and all around awesome. Of course, loud busy amusement parks aren't for everyone, but I do truly think that this is the best amusement park ever! Everyone can find something they enjoy here, whether it's rides or food or meeting characters, it's just do magical and wonderful!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Beware, Disneyland can't pull up online hopper purchases at their booths if you lose your first issued hopper ticket. We didn't receive ticket confirmation emails after we purchased our three-day hopper a few months back. We came this morning at 7:00 to utilize our Magic Morning at Disneyland before it expires next week and my boyfriend forgot our three-day hopper pass. We got in line at the ticketing booth, so we could get a replacement for our three-day hopper and we spoke to four attendants and no one could pull up any of our data regarding our hopper tickets. We even gave our driver's licenses and credit cards that we purchased the tickets with and they still couldn't pull up our information. We stood there for over 30 minutes trying to resolve this issue and it couldn't get resolved. Last year when I threw away my hopper pass since the attendant didn't tell me to keep my ticket for my next visit, the next time I visited the park, they were able to pull up my information and issue me a new hopper ticket. WHAT REALLY DISAPPOINTS ME THE MOST IS THAT THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY GENERATES EASILY OVER $40 BILLION DOLLARS IN PROFIT EACH YEAR AND THEY DON'T HAVE A TICKETING SOFTWARE THAT CAN LOCATE TICKETS EFFICIENTLY. I wasted my day and woke up at 4:00 a.m. to drive to Disneyland to find out my three-day hopper ticket could not be found in their database and we had to pay $20 for parking! Unfortunately, the Disneyland website doesn't even have a section where you can view previously purchased tickets. I HOPE THEY FIND A WAY TO TRACK ONLINE TICKETS BETTER, MAKE SURE THE ONLINE TICKETING PROCESS SENDS CONFIRMATION EMAILS, AND CREATE A TAB ON THE DISNEYLAND WEBSITE TO VIEW PREVIOUSLY PURCHASED TICKETS, SO FUTURE DISNEY GUESTS DON'T HAVE TO GO THROUGH WHAT WE HAD TO! IF THEY DON'T FIX THIS ISSUE, THEY WILL HAVE MANY UNHAPPY GUESTS. It really saddens me to write this negative review because I have been going to Disneyland and supporting the Disney name ever since I was a toddler.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If you have a ton of money, and are in perfect health, this is the place for you! The elitism and red tape are out of control.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "its disneyland and lives up to the hype happiest place on earth always a great time and seeing people from all over the world in a friendly place is great", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Very impressed with Disneyland. Noticed they had a sign language interpreter for their shows which was neat. City hall gives you free buttons for your birthday or first visit. City hall also gives you recipes for any dish made in Disneyland which was neat. Love the fast pass option. Definitely recommend the dole whip float in the enchanted tiki village. The red velvet cake was delicious in the plaza cafe", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Toon town is the best town haha they just new starwars. I want to go asap. The corndogs are fresh and bomb. Take a good amount of money. No rides are boring. Great spot for everyone Disney", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Head a chance to go have the Halloween time and not miss it again this year we were going to do both parks but had too much fun it was like a great date time for my lady and I Thanks again Gilbert", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Bad! my car was vandalized while I was in the park had 4 rides break down consecutively wasted the better part of 3 hours. And all I got was 1 past pass ticket from city hall that didn't work. Won't be back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This plays is a disappointment I have yr passes for my self and my daughter we came on a black out date yes that's my fault for not checking but I tried to pay for and up grade they said I can get and up grade for 260 dollars each wow really or I can a day pass for 160 each what a rip off happiest place on earth my ass worst place on earth now I paid for a day pass for tree people it cost 460 plus my monthly pass 80 dollars very disappointed in this place but my niece and daughter are happy I give them that", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hated it. Granted we were there on Wednesday after Christmas when the crowds were terrible despite the downpour. It would have been tolerable except that about 10am, one hour into our visit, we made the poor decision to ride Autopia, a car ride that runs cars on two parallel tracks. The car about 10 ahead of ours got stuck halfway through the ride and we sat in the pouring rain for 15-20 minutes before they got it going again. Several people got impatient and stupidly got out of their cars to walk to the exit before the staff had to come and insist they get back in their cars for their safety (they did, and we were not stupid enough to get out to start with - great example to teach your kids people...). Anyway, as we sat there, our little metal seats filled with water till we were sitting in over an inch of cold water.  When we finally got back to the exit there was nary an apology or a gift certificate for a free cocoa to be had. We finally went and bought cocoa that was tepid. Tried warming up by washing hands, but all the sinks had tepid water too. Tried going into gift shops to drip dry and warm up but they just had AC, no heat anywhere. We stuck it out till the TCU marching band about 1pm when we got 20 minutes of sun to dry off our top halves, but bottom was still soaked and cold. Yuk. Only fun ride we could get on was Buzz Light Year, which my 7 yr old enjoyed. Lines were way too long for all the other rides and we were so miserably wet and cold from getting stuck on that stupid Autopia ride that despite having Seattle-hardy rain gear, our day was awful. I hope everyone else enjoys Disney more than we did! \u00a0Legoland for us!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I arrived to disneyland today to be stopped at the gate and not allowed in. That employee called another person over who investigated why. He then came back and said that we didn't make the payment for the passes yesterday and won't be allowed in the park in front of everyone else in line which was terribly embarrassing. He refered me to the customer service buildings when I asked how to take care of it. I went there and they said the payment was blocked. So I gave them another card and she processed the payment immediately. I then stood in line again where the rest of my party was waiting. They checked again and let me in. While I was gone at the customer service booth the second employee processed some kind of temp pass and said that we could have gone in anyways. I asked then why did you tell us we couldn't get in until the payment was made? Then we left as I didn't want want to hear any more from him. Then later I called my bank who said they processed the payment but then it was returned the same time. So to my information the payment was made then disneyland sent the payment back then 1 day later the passes were suspended. Then I was lied to by the employees at the gate then lied to again at the customer service booth then the first lie that I couldn't come in was retracted just to find out from my bank that payment was made to and disneyland was who caused the error to begin with. Then as I was leaving the park I called customer service for ap members who was rude and less than helpful. I hope the call was recorded and reviewed because she needs to retrained on her customer service skills. Additionally, to add insult to injury I was then told by another employee on the way out that disneyland don't like ap holders and they are a \"nuisance\" because they can put the staff ratio out of balence because no one knows when they show up and causes long lines and congestion in the park and if a ap holder like my self wants to cancel their passes there won't be any argument because disneyland is trying to reduce the number of ap holders. Seriously! That's how you treat your patrons to the park? BTW I spent almost $600 with in 120 min of getting in the park at the shops that I have receipts to show for it, just to be treated this way? If that's how it is screw disneyland! I can take my family to any number of other theme parks and not be treated like a second class guest because I have a ap pass and ultimately because of disneyland billing issues and horrific customer service all around. I should cancel the credit card on file and never come back. And don't even get me started on the \"happiest cavity search on earth\" everytime I come to the park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Really fun place to be at. All types of food is available here, but make sure to bring a firm amount of money, because it obviously is NOT cheap.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I don't even know where to start, Disneyland is my FAVORITE place in the whole world!! My family and I have been going there for years now and we try to go at least once or twice a year. It is overall amazing with the rides, characters, shops, parades, music, fireworks and so much more!! I don't think you could ever be bored or run out of stuff to do there. There is something for everyone! If you like thrill rides:  Indiana Jones  Matterhorn  Splash mtn  Thunder mtn  Space mtn  Star Wars rides  Or if you like something more mellow for the kids go to fantasyland:  Snow White  Peter Pan  Dumbo  Toads wild ride  Small world  And when you finish that you can sit down for a parade or to eat. They have so many great food options as well as snacks  Our fave snacks:  Churros  Dole whips  Mickey lollipops  Mickey apple chips  Mickey beignets  Pickles  Pretzels  Popcorn And so much more!!  One of my favorite things to do when we take breaks is to go to the tiki room and eat a dole whip!! It is such a nice way to relax and still stay entertained!!  When people say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth I completely agree!! Even though it is very pricey it is so worth it for all the fun family memories you will receive!! There is so many great photo spots as well: By the castle  In front of a ride  With characters  And the fireworks show at night is very cool and a great way to end the night! There is so many different lands that you can venture to:  Adventureland  Tomorrowland  Fantasyland  Star Wars land  Frontierland  And the newest land (Star Wars land) is definitely one of my favorites because you feel like you are actually in the movie everything looks exactly the same and the rides do not disappoint!! I could go on and on about how much I love Disney but I know no one will want to read this far but if you did and are thinking of going every for a day DO IT and then write your review here (;", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Review for LOST &amp; FOUND!! I lost my sunglasses on Indian Jones and just knew they were gone for good. We back tracked my steps alittle but before giving up but we did a report. Giving a clear description in hopes they had been turned in. Sadly but expected they weren't turned in but was told we could leave our contact information and an address. The next day about 12 hours after the report, we get a call the my glasses had been Found!!! Seriously I was just amazed. In a sea of thousands of people my glasses were returned. Never in my life would I have thought they were going to find their way back to me.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland discriminates against larger families. The disability pass only allows you to have 6 people on it.. So one person in our party could not go on the rides with everyone else. So today, mom got to just walk around and watch everyone go on the rides. Not renewing the annual passes next year.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Went to Disneyland on a crazy weekend. It was Chinese New Year, Presidents day weekend, and NBA All-Star weekend. \u00a0The place was packed, but the lines were shorter or about the same on a regular day. I didn't ride all the rides I wanted to but I was with my nephew. He loves the buzzlight year ride. We rode it three times. \u00a0Lots of places to sit and lots of shade around the park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I LOVE Disneyland everything about it is amazing and is really the happiest place on earth, all of the karen's getting mad cause prices going up like what y'all want prices to go up or overcrowded Disney with 90+ wait time nothing pleases y'all dang , i'll continue going to disney for as long as i live prices going up sucks but you know you can't please anyone", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Just Amazing. \u00a0Dj dance party in Cali adventure. It's the hot spot. \u00a0We love it and if you're not here you're missing out. \u00a0Who cares about the crowds? It's amazing here. And this Dj dance party is where the party is at!! \u00a0Your kids are going to love this. Zoey loves it so much!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm currently a Disney AP Holder so I go as much as I can! It's my favorite place ever and it makes me happy. I love being a kid when i go back, i love disney hehe", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm sure Disneyland would be great if all the rides worked, but the last time I went, 5 rides broke down and 4 of them broke down when I was on them. \u00a0We were escorted off the ride. \u00a0The Buzz Lightyear one that I was most excited about, we got to the front of the line and we were escorted to the exit because it was no longer working. \u00a0Thinking about it now, I probably should have asked for a refund because I pretty much wasted my whole day here. \u00a0I don't understand why anyone would go here when there are a lot of other places in SoCal to go to. \u00a0Places that have working rides...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I hardly leave reviews... but please HIRE MORE PEOPLE TO ANSWER THE PHONE! \u00a0 There has NEVER been a time I had to wait less than 30min to talk to someone. This is quite unacceptable taking the caliber of company we're dealing with. Cmon Disney, At least hire more people to answer the phone.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I never had the desire to go to Disneyland despite my BFF Gary continuously telling me that I would enjoy it. Well I'm here to tell you and to admit, i missed out on several years of fun. Shortly before leaving California after living there for almost seven years we decided to go. Our BFF's Gary and Donna bought Mrs. Texas a ticket to take her before we moved, so I decided to go ahead and go. I had an awesome time for sure. There was so much to do and to see that it takes a few days to go through each park. I did like DCA over Disneyland but they were both fun. We enjoyed food, rides and great company and hopefully one day we can spend another three days doing it all again.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We all know Disney is great for customer service...BUT...be very cautious if u approach cast members mike and Olivia at Indiana Jones today, friday...they are aggressive, rude,and more worries about being right then the customers concerns....disney should put them in a no customer contact area of the park. Seriously!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Knott's Berry farm is a much better option. Overrated and they have rodents everywhere.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Amazing place to go have date night and dinner ! Overpriced but I would suggest getting a park holder pass!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "America's morbid obesity problem is on full-display. \u00a0Rows of heifers walk with arms locked blocking walkways that turn into grazing grounds for the fattest calves of the land. Hot as fuck because of global warming caused by this enormous desolate hunk of concrete. My wife worked at Disney and all employees get free passes. \u00a0So we had to drive from Los Angeles to republican land for extremely cheap people who wanted us to sacrifice our free time and about $10 in gas so they could save money. \u00a0These people are so cheap they did not even offer to buy us a taco. \u00a0These types of people exemplify what type of people like Disneyland. Masses with Aspergers abound. \u00a0Grown adults wearing buttons and mouse hats waving mouse flags while they gather at the Disney trough and shovel food into their bodies. \u00a0I am gravely concerned for the future of mankind. The hours spent waiting in line, your body and the earths resources are expiring and oxidizing. \u00a0Go eat that turkey drumstick and 1 gallon Coke while your feet get amputated from diabetes.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Administration has betrayed Walt Disney's values and sold out to the lowest common denominator visitor, devoid of creativity and imagination. The park now copies Universal Studios ride the movie model which is completely inferior to masterpieces that still push the limits of artistic integrity such as Pirates of the Caribbean and Haunted Mansion, attractions made 50 years ago from scratch.  They allow classics to rot away to convince the average visitor to demand replacement. Submarine Voyage and Tower of Terror were the latest to bite the dust, two concepts that were nearly as powerful as Haunted Mansion but allowed to deteriorate and age, all too conveniently replaced with Finding Nemo and Guardians of the Galaxy (Souvenirs). Star Wars Land, just another example has reduced the Rivers of America to a pool in comparison just to acquire additional land for their latest marketing acquisition. Cars Land, with only one mediocre attraction and saturated with souvenir stores, just another cash grab.  The parks have been intentionally overcrowded with annual pass holders to saturate food and merchandise sales. Instead of removing no interest monthly payments, they have decided to continue this unsustainable platform. We have had amazing quiet areas that made Disneyland special closed off for Club 33 access. Fastpass has also been added to every attraction imaginable which has made lines balloon to ridiculous levels.  You can't even go to the park to get your hat stitched with your name anymore for free by a cast member, it has been replaced with a machine and costs money. In turn all of these negative changes have trickled down to cast member attitudes which is also a result of poor compensation. No longer is Disneyland the prestigious place where you make a career, it's merely a stepping stone and it is reflected when older cast has been replaced by an all teen workforce which is predominantly filled with people who couldn't care less about the heritage and history of this world famous park. Management should be ashamed at the blatant decline since the 50th anniversary concluded.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If only there were more stars to rate the most happiest place on earth, especially during the festival of holidays Download the Disneyland app which makes your life much eaters from fast passes to max pass photos! Enjoy your quality time with family riding rides, eating good food, and visiting Disney characters definitely dress with good walking shoes and being a refillable bottle! Buy tickets before arriving! Take lots of pictures and enjoy yourself", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My very first visit and I must say I was deeply unimpressed. The food was horrible, the park was extremely crowded on a Wednesday (shouldn't children be in school???), and the characters were so awful it hurt my childhood. I've been waiting forever to come to \"the happiest place on earth\" only to find it on par with Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk. It's honestly nothing special. Even my boyfriend admitted the magic is just gone. I honestly would never bring my kids here. I feel bad because I waited 28 years to see something I dreamed of and it was more of a nightmare. The first disappointment was the boy (I say this because he was not manly looking at all) playing Gaston. He had a skinny neck, a weak chin, and a girly voice. Come on!!!!! My boyfriend and I planned this trip for 5 months, worked EXTRA hours, and drove 5 damn hours to be completely let down. Furthermore we only saw 2 characters amongst the people, the disappointing Gaston and a dismal Cinderella. No Donald, no Goofy, no Mickey...nothing! Even the parade was limited. The ONLY good thing about this place was the cleanliness the Needless to say a second trip is NOT gonna happen honestly if I could get my money back I would. My boyfriend planned on proposing at the park but even he said that we were better off getting engaged at our rundown hotel room", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is a great experience for 1st timers and they'll love it great service plenty places to eat", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If your disable, DO NOT GO. They make you feel stupid. My fiable sister (has mobility of one side) went yesterday (8/23/2018). She came home and started to cry. She said she never felt so disable in a place with so many people. She felt lost, belittle and NOT THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "When people say: \"It's the happiest place on earth\"  It really is the happiest place on earth! I have been coming here since I was a 4 time annual pass holder when I was just 5 years old &amp; it still amazes me every time I go! Somehow I go there so often, but I always find something new to do &amp; something new to eat. For a regular ticket it may be $200, but it is completely worth it if you go when park opens to when it closes!   Tips/ Advice:  - Download the disneyland app to check wait times - Bring a water bottle!! Disneyland lets you bring in your own water bottles &amp; food. But if you forget to bring a water, you can ask any restaurant and they will always give you a water cup for free!  - Where comfortable shoes &amp; sunblock  - Try the Disneyland iconic foods: Dole Whip, Beignets, Mickey Cream Cheese Pretzel, Churro, Turkey leg - Watch World of Color @ California Adventure! It is AMAZING  - People have different orders of doing things, but if you have a park hopper, I recommend: doing California Adventure first then disneyland  - Have fun!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "IF YOU ARR DISABLED, forget it! The people working in the park are on a total power trip. My poor mom is gimping along and this rude worker puts up a barricade right in front of us when I had already been standing there waiting for her and tells us to walk around. What would have been a five second walk for her turns into 5 minutes. Nuff said. Other employees didn't give her the same grief. My mom with all her extra walking will probably be less likely to return. Just sad. Plus, everything is WAY overpriced.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Very overpriced. Only got to ride 5 rides. That 20.00 per ride. I even used the fast pass and it was a week day.   Don't bother with the parade it was to crowded.  Tracked from one end of the park to another \u00a0BBQ restaurant and then found out you need reservations. My booklet from them never mentioned that you needed reservations  Went to get a drink in one of the places. Stood at the counter. Two workers walked by me and turned their heads. I understand if they are busy but I was only person in line.  Yes some workers were nice, but most of them in the shops acted like you were bothering them. \u00a0  Had not gone in 15 years and probably will not go back for a VERY long time.   If you like Long lines, wall to wall people, and to spend $17.00 for a burger and a drink you will love this place.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Took 2 hours from the Freeway exit to get into the park, kept getting redirected to different lots in my RV, but ultimately got redirected back to Mickey and Friends (1 hour wasted). \u00a0To get on tram took another 20 mins. \u00a0The screening was a joke, they are not screening the bags for food and contraband, but no screening of the person, so what's the point. \u00a0The screening took forever (another 30 mins). \u00a0The fastest parts to the process was the ticket buying process, where they take your money, super effiecnt at that. \u00a0I remember back in the day, it was a 30 mins process.  Since you are not screening the person, implement a No Bag Line...pleaseeeeeee......   Worst Disney experience ever,,, DISEYWORLD is so much more efficient.....  Disney, why so many lines, 1 line for tram, 1 line for screening, 1 line for tickets, 1 line to get in?????? \u00a0Can we consolidate the lines??????  This place is a joke....", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I always enjoy my time at Disneyland - the food, music, lights, and the rides. Yes, it's expensive - tickets, food, merchandise. Can you imagine keeping this place open if their prices remained cheap? The amount of power, food/supplies, labor, and upkeep to keep this place open seems only fair. The attractions and the food make up for it. So far, I haven't been disappointed at any of the restaurants that I've been to at Disneyland (even the churro stands &amp; the little shacks). They continuously try to make this place enjoyable, not just for kids, but also for adults.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "To be clear at the start: I loved the trip to Disneyland. My wife grew up in SoCal, but I did not, so this was my first time at Disneyland. The rides were awesome; the dining options were great; and the ambience was just in general spectacular.   I was, however, extremely disappointed with their staff at City Hall who handle accommodations for guests with disabilities. I have a very visible disability, while my wife has an invisible disability that's not obvious until you get to know her. They allowed accommodations that met my needs, although they really need to work on how they say things (\"we're not accommodating [you and your needs]; we're accommodating the wheelchair\"). Seems like a small thing, but a lot of folks (especially new wheelchair users like me) are sensitive to tone and semantics when it comes to their disabilities. I couldn't help feeling insulted and devalued.  What's worse, they refused to accommodate my wife's invisible disability. \"You've already got a wheelchair in your party, so we can't help you with anything else.\" What they're saying is that if you have a visible disability that requires a wheelchair, they'll accommodate the wheelchair, but if anyone else in your group has a different/invisible disability, you're SOL.   We spoke to the manager in charge at Disneyland City Hall on the late afternoon/early evening of 4/6/2017 (her name was Judy); she told us they \"can't confuse the rides by giving multiple accommodations.\" At least they were consistent with their excuses, as we had been told the same thing by two of her underlings. Rather than make a simple change to ensure their guests had maximal enjoyment at Disneyland, they fell back on a nonsense excuse about not \"confus[ing] the rides.\"  The experience with City Hall really left a bad taste in my mouth that soured the trip. I can deal with mistreatment of me, but mistreatment of those I love is totally out of bounds. I'd like to bring our three-year-old daughter to Disneyland when she gets a little older (she's currently in a Mickey Mouse phase, so she'd love it), but I'm not sure I can in good conscience patronize \"the happiest place on Earth\" when it's merely a front for a soulless corporation. I have a feeling that this review will get swallowed up by the abundance of positive reviews (Disneyland truly is a lot of fun), but at least it's been cathartic to write about my experience.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "July 2nd around 1030pm.   on the Disneyland tram side. A male named Josh from Costa Mesa was working the trams where passengers were loading onto the tram to take back to the parking lot. He didn't seem too happy being at work, he was complaining a lot and kept saying out loud \" no body listens, this is going to be a long night\" for being a cast member his attitude isn't Disney appropriate. Everyone noticed how he was acting childish and was joking about him on the team. Get rid of him.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney where dreams come true and where you meet more than your daily step count!   If you're thinking of visiting, get the park hopper pass! It's worth it because both parks offer great rides. You can't go to Disney without visiting California Adventure! The new Guardians of the Galaxy ride is awesome! I am afraid of heights and I thought I was going to eject from my seat, in a good way!   Disney has countless events and you'll never be bored. Yes, waiting in line is painful but they offer fast passes at certain times which are free! Or they have the $10 per person deal for the all day fast pass.   With numerous restaurants within both parks, the food is hit or miss. Some are too bland but I understand why, everyone has different tastes and they need to cater to a huge audience.   Fun way to spend a day! Even if just in downtown disney, come see for yourself!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Beth at Elias and Company on Buena Vista St. was amazing!! My little sister bought a hat for her and her friend and Beth helped her split the payment with long division!! Extraordinary service.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Had enough Guards are now Gestapo.  The secondary inspection is insulting enough without  Guards being assholes.  Even my 11 year old daughter was surprised.   The park is so crowded it's a challenge to even move  The prices have climbed high enough and the cast Have had to be rude enough because of over crowding  I have decided that's it for us.  That will be at least $4000.00 in admission cost I won't have to pay and crazy stupid prices for Disney junk.  I grew up going to Disney.  When Walt was alive I remember the park was great!! You felt welcome ( the park needed you ) ( it no longer does ) This is not Walt Disneys dream it can't be!! Well my opinion won't make a difference but at Least  I got it off my chest.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Worst service ever.  I requested they not take my photo upon entry. I was super kind and polite letting them know why I didn't want my photo taken. The 4 people that talked to me, were very rude, like very very rude... 2 of the girls were literally attacking me.. (most unprofessional people I've have ever dealt with) \u00a0Finally about 25 min later the manager talked to me and made it sound like it wasn't a big deal, wrote my info on a one day pass and it was all done. Super easy, but having to deal with the rude ticket people killed it all..   He even said people request not having their photo taken all the time. So please Disney please inform your ticket people how to properly deal with customers.  An hour later we left. Super long lines, super expensive food, and $20 for a little ballon.  Oh and we paid for parking at the main area, oh surprise no shuttle and we and a few hundred people literally walked about a half mile.   These companies make so much money but treat their customers like sheep.  I have even more negative things to say.. save it for another time.. hahahaha  Worst place EVER!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is supposed to be a happy place for kids. We waited 2 hrs just to get in. The security line was ridiculous and the line to buy the tickets was not much better. Don't forget the 3rd line to get in the park.   For the most part the wait for the rides was 90 min. plus. People like ants everywhere. There was not a single bench available to sit down as they were all taken. We managed to squeeze 3 rides in 5hrs. You wait 90 min for a 2.5 min ride. After we had a bite to eat my 6 year old son started crying and pleading with my wife and I to take him home.   In their defense we went there on 3rd of July. But it was a bad experience after making the trip from out of state. In retrospect the negative experience was a favor. We don't need to plan another visit ever again. Thank you Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The original, nothing not their newer parks measures up to this classic masterpiece. \u00a0The rides are great and the artistic attention to detail is phenomenal. \u00a0The price is high but worth it, it keeps the riff raff out . 100% worth two full days.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm really disappointed. I am an annual passholder with three children 5 and under. Now that Disneyland has decided to ban my Keenz, I do not know how me and my husband can manage all three kids, and I certainly will no longer be able to take them while he is at work. At this point, we regret renewing our season pass. I love Disney so much, but Disney does not love us in return. Maybe if they put limits on attendance throughout the day, the issue of congestion via strollers/wagons/etc. wouldn't be a problem. Instead they take our money (that no matter how much the prices rise, we pay) and then punish us and our families for problems they should be taking care of.   I will no longer be paying the monthly fee of my pass. This will be the last year they get a deposit from my family. This is quite literally outrageous.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always wonderful! Thank you for another awesome family trip. A bit spendy, but its appreciated that we can bring our own food in.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland was awesome , not complaints ! Now California adventures is very unprofessional and rude . I brought my 5 yr out here to start her summer vacation and ending school with very good grades . She enjoyed herself at Disneyland until we got to cars land in the other park .. i had my one yr with us \"which is free \" and we have been getting on all the rides since we've been there at 9am .. we got on the Italian car ride that does the little salsa dancing and once that was over we walked around to the other side i believe the tractors .. waited in a long line got all the way to the front \" by this time my 1 yr is all tired and whining\" so i tell my daughter it's almost 8pm so this is going to be the last ride . We get to the font and the baby wouldn't stand up for them to check her height , the lady then explained she can't get on so I'm like yes we are just got off a ride same height requirements and all they still said no , which means my daughter can't ride because she's not 7 , she they call over TIFFANY a supervisor who was very rude and instantly came out to let me know we wasn't riding ... told the workers don't move the ride , then started letting everyone behind us in threw another door , then called security \" big NORM \" because she needed help with a 1099 which was a lie , she never came out to see how she can help me or anything she instantly came being rude then had a us removed from the park a hr before closing &amp; i paid $347 for my child to enjoy herself , yes she left in tears and was distraught \u00a0that she had to leave and couldn't get on the ride because she's not 7 . Tiffany handled this situation very poorly &amp; yes me as a mother was very upset !! \u00a0Disneyland gets my 5 stars \u00a0the other park gets about 2.5", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Obviously the best place on earth. I love the pretzels they have right now with cinnamon sugar and cream cheese dip!! They're so good. Always get the max pass app and buy it to go with. We get fast passes from our phone all day. Get the big ones first with the longest lines. Guardians, space mountain, etc.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disyneyland really does know how to ruin a vacation! \u00a0Yesterday was horrible. On site from 11:00am to 6:00pm and had to leave because they dont know how to handles crowds after all these years in business. It would be better to turn people away rather than have to wait 2.5 hours to ride Space Mountain. Fast pass is a joke. Some of my guests had never been and left saying they will never return. Someone needs to learn how to sprinkle pixie dust, the Disney team let us down yesterday", "rating": 1}, {"text": "5 years later and the park is even more mobbed and an even worse experience.  Lines are now well over an hour wait, often 90 minutes or more. There is almost no space to move safely in the park.   Think it will be quieter during the week? Nope. That's when all the locals go, since their pass is blacked out on weekends.   Save your money and PASS", "rating": 1}, {"text": "First of all I CHALLENGE DISNEYLAND Exec's or High up staff to do Disneyland from a wheelchair. Then I challenge them to do it in a wheelchair with a service dog.  Just trying to get passed the security checkpoint was insane. There is less security going through the airport than to get into disneyland. I require the use of not only a wheelchair and a service dog. So when I was planning on going I brought a toy with me for my dog to enjoy when it was her break and have herself some fun. I brought a ball that was very squishy bad idea. First of all security saw the water bottle my fiance brought with us for me to take my meds since I take them periodically throughout the day and we didnt want to worry about finding water for me. Because behind the rubber it was a glass bottle they had to throw it out or we could go back to the car leave there and then spend yet another 2hrs waiting in line to get passed security. So she took a 15 dollar hit and let them toss it. The ball for my Service Dog to enjoy her break time wasnt throwing it but simply letting her chomp on it and that wasnt allowed luckily it was only 4 dollar ball no clue why that wasnt allowed no explanation given to us on that one. How in the world do they not have some kind of a well hold it in this place when you leave here some and pick it up makes more sense than throwing a bunch of shit out.  Anyways we finally made it passed security and we were just fucking done at that point we nearly left. We get to the ticket people gate and since I am in a wheelchair we went into the center where the gate was and waited no one said a damn thing to us. One lady where my fiance was waiting got busy or backed up no clue she was racing off to lunch and while she was getting ready to leave the guy handling the other line asked me if I had tickets and my fiance had them so I waived her over to that side said the guy asked for our tickets since the lady was busy and then as she was moving across the guy started taking everyones ahead of us and ignored her then the lady asked me from the other line where my tickets were so we did the same thing no result. The other lady left and screwed the knew lady who had no clue we finally got our tickets done and went in to the park we were just pissed our day had almost been ruined and it was our 1 year anniversary the only reason we continued on was we spent 95 bucks for our tickets and we werent wasting that. We go to town hall to check in with the service dog which I knew to do a few times plus the handicap wheelchair stuff. we go up the ramp to go inside and a lady asks us if we have someone waiting in line for us which we didnt. She expected people in wheelchairs to wait in the line outside where the ramp wasnt and or have someone from our party wait there while the wheelchair waits outside. So not handicap friendly. Not one freaking bit.  I sadly cannot wait in long lines normally there is some handicap bypass but thanks to people abusing this they have completely removed it. You can only have one handicap pre check and one fast pass and that is it. Your still waiting in line forever just not conventional and for some people me included doing this is exhausting and you cant enjoy the park due to waiting forever which exhausts you.  With the service dog however going through the lines is insane they are built for a single person standing there is barely space for someone pushing a manual wheelchair and several times I had to unleash my dog for my fiance to hold her so she didnt get caught in the ropes or chains then you get the people waiting in line leaning on the rope making it impossible for the wheelchair to pass let alone the wheelchair access you are going up the exit ramp which yes is a problem considering you have 500 people exiting the ride while you are trying to go up the opposite way.   MY CHALLENGE DISNEY: Have your staff radio ahead to the people letting people off there is a wheelchair coming up and hold people getting off until that wheelchair gets up the exit making it easier for them and faster for them and you!  Also half the rides disneyland says there are crates for the dogs at all the rides this is barely true. Half the rides your dog is allowed on which is cool for the easier rides. However the kid rides or just fun ones its insane I work a 80lb golden retriever which barely fits on most of the rides and not having a crate at every ride is just idiotic. Also the crates that are there are built for a small dog nothing over 50lbs my dog barely fit inside the crate and I felt terrible leaving her inside that cramped item why they didnt have a larger crate for a larger dog is beyond me.   Basically disneyland is not for disabled people we will probably never return after leaving we just had a bad taste in our mouth thats for sure. Also disney staff shoudl try and traverse the mindless maze of people who dont look cut off wheelchairs and try and bypass all the people who stop mindlessly in front of you", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Once again I got suckered into going to Dland with the family. This place is so consumed with making money they have completely disregarded any form of customer service. The lack of available decent food coupled with the ridiculously overpriced menus and understaffed restaurants just reinforce the decision to not return ever!! So done with this BS!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I mean. It's Disney. They know how to move crowds effectively and have everything running smooth. I enjoyed the upgrades they made to some of the rides (hyperspace mountain) along with the seasonal overlay of the Haunted Mansion for christmas. Food and snacks are expensive so if you're worried about that pack a lunch but in my opinion the snacks are half the fun!  The addition of Galaxy's Edge is insanely cool too, its done extremely well  I will return here every chance I get", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I haven't been to Disneyland since 2006. We had a two day pass for Disney. Surprisely it was not crowded. The wait time for the rides were any where from 15 to 30 minutes so not bad at all. The only ride that was 60 minutes was the Star Wars and that was real good for that ride. That ride was worth the wait. Wow, that ride was amazing. The whole Stars Wars land was amazing. We ate at Hungry Bear one day it was ok not great but ok. Then we went Alien Pizza that place was expensive. The chicken ceasar salad was good tho but it was expensive. The churros were great they were worth the price that they charge.  I must say I have always thought Disneyland was over rated but I had a good time. I would go again.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "people are ridiculous! there are going to be lines, it's a huge popular theme park! get over it! rides will break down, thousands go on it a day and there opened for hours on end! Disneyland is wonderful and worth the price! loved every minute of it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I grew up going here- had season passes since 1997. The last 5 years this park has gone progressively down hill. It's always overcrowded- like summer/ holiday crowds on a Tuesday. You wait 45 minutes just to ride the railroad. Most all Employees past main gate- where they are always happy to take your money- are rude and have zero customer service. I was in line at the railroad and groups of \u00a0strangers ( think families, grandparents etc) were commenting the same all across the Disneyland park. Apparently, they are nicer at California Adventures. When did a one day $1,000 experience for a family become such a drag??? Just because you wear a name badge does not give you the right to be bossy and rude/ especially to clientele who paid $150 each for the ticket.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Only bad thing I have to say about Disney is the lines suck and it's expensive.  BUT! They make the lines move pretty fast and the whole experience is worth the money. Disney keeps their parks CLEAN! With as many people that attends everyday, there are a million workers out to clean every mess ASAP. My recommendation would be to plan your rides and meal ahead of time. All the good restaurants get booked pretty fast, especially for dinner time. Buy the MaxPass- so worth the $15. Bring snacks and load games on your phone ahead of time. I downloaded \"Heads Up\" and it made the time in line fly by.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "After spending over $1,000 dollars on tickets for one day entry (not including high price parking fees), the place is a disaster. \u00a0It took over an hour to just get in the parks..Disney, increase your security staff!!! \u00a0FOUR rides broke down while we stood in line for over 30 minutes at each one and we were told (rudely all four times) to exit and come back later. \u00a0 Haunted House broke down while we were on it. \u00a0I paid $10 extra per ticket for the Max Fast Pass..that's a joke. \u00a0The wait for your time to come up was HOURS, example, we bought fast pass for Cars at 10:00 am, our \u00a0ride time was 6:00. \u00a0Yes, \u00a0 EIGHT hours with four small children. \u00a0This was pretty consistent with all our fast pass purchases. BTW....Cars broke down during the day, so it forfeited our fast pass for that ride. \u00a0We never got on it. (count 'em....SIX rides broke down that we never got on). \u00a0 Food was beyond expensive and terrible. \u00a0Spending over $1,000 to get and then purchasing food and snacks made for over a $1300 day. \u00a0 And, so many fast passes are sold now, that if you don't have one your wait in line is even longer. \u00a0This place is a mess. \u00a0Rude employees, bad food, long lines. \u00a0The list just goes on and on. \u00a0The magic is gone folks. \u00a0I have been coming here since I was a child...it's just gone. \u00a0I'm a local. \u00a0I come here often and it gets worse each time I come. \u00a0I am never going back. \u00a0Knotts wiIl be my go to place from now on. Walt is spinning in his grave and what has happened to his beloved legacy.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What a waste of time and money. I arrived with my family of 4 at 10am. Didn't get in until 12:30 bc the line for EVERYTHINGwas SOOO extremely long. The tickets are super expensive ( bought for the both parks).  Most of their rides were either closed or broken down.  The wait time for the only ride that we got on was one entire hour, and the ride lasted 2 mins. The food and snacks are over priced. If you're tired and want to seat for a bit, good luck finding a seat anywhere. My family and I sat on the floor.  The restroom are far away from the attractions.  There was no sign of any Disney character around, except Mickey, \u00a0which of course there was a line to get in. \u00a0 Basically you paid a LOT \u00a0of money to go walk in circles surrounded by a million strangers.   We do not plan to ever come back, it is not \u00a0\"the happiest place on Earth\". I feel as if we got scammed big time.   Never again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Worst fire works I've ever seen. Very disappointing was waiting all day to see the fireworks and it was a disappointing day Disney messed up.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It truly is the happiest place in the world!  My husband takes my daughter and I on spontaneous trips over, since we live 20 minutes away. (5 minutes, but it takes 20 with traffic) We all have our season passes, and will renew them again this December.  We are big Disney nerds, and every time feels magical. No matter how many times \u00a0 we go, it still feels magical.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm a huge Disney fan and patron. I've been a member of the Disney Vacation Club for almost a decade now. And I love Disneyland. But today might be the worst experience I've ever encountered. The amount of money on a ticket is outrageous when most of the attractions are CLOSED! I can't believe they don't tell you when you are buying your ticket.   I feel ripped off and will think twice about coming back. I should have gone to Universal.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Don't fret, it's rad. We spent most of the day at Galaxy's Edge, take a deep breath and enjoy! There are three main eateries (Ronto's Roasters, Docking Bay 7 Food and Cargo and Ora's Cantina) one main ride (for now) and a ton of things to interact with (Star Wars characters, staff in character, game via app, photo opps, etc). Save a spot in front of Docking Bay 7 for thee awesomest fireworks experience.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The greatest place in earth! A must visit annually and don't for get to purchase cool memorabilia! Taking my nephew again in a couple of months.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If you want to know why ticket sales and attendance are down... 1. Parking garage staff and security are rude arrogant and condescending.  2. Customer service at Disneyland has always been less than desirable. When I filed a complaint against a rude cast members they asked for my ID so they could note my passport. To me this is a threat. AND I was offered a fast pass, when I already have max pass that I pay for in exchange for a rude employee that wasted 2 hours of my time! Unacceptable! What a joke!!!  If you don't listen to your customers then your business will fail! Disneyland thinks they are above this! Maybe they won't fail but I guarantee they will have lower attendance and less profits! Oh wait, this is already happening!!! \u00a0 3. Employees in the park seem very unhappy and this is supposed to be the happiest place on earth! Hmmmm... unhappy employees usually means they are not being treated well! This rolls down hill to your guests!  Don't get me wrong, I love Disneyland but let me tell you service and value certainly have declined with extreme price increases over the last 20 years.  Get it together Disneyland!!! Maybe it's time for some new leadership!?!?!?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been a Annual Pass member for about a decade. I know the rules and how people, guests, human being should be treated while in the park . Disney hires Cast Members that will have a great attitude and make enjoyable moments for children. This wasn't the case this past Friday. Mattahorn is the one ride were I could not get a return time for myself and 2 nieces. I recently had knee sergury and was wearing a brace. We had a return time for Peter Pan in the next 25 min. So we decided to do Single rider, that way we could go on both rides. It was 11:05pm, our return time for Peterpan was 11:20pm. Plenty of time from all the experiences I have ever had whether it be morning , day or night.  Alicia that was in charge of putting guests in lines including the Single riders was taking quite a while in taking us. After I saw about 5-6 single seats go by, I asked kindly\" Are you going to take Single Riders? We've been here for quite awhile. She glanced at me and said\" In a minute\". I was like ok. Well 10 more min went by and still nothing as I saw seats pass by empty and our line getting longer. Finally after commenting and taking pics of the empty seats passing by she took one of my nieces. After that...It was the most Horrible experience of my life. She let over 70 Guest pass by and went out of her way to fill in seats by hollering into the line and picking random people. It was then very obvious she did not want us to go on this ride. At 11:50pm (At this point all 3 of us could have waited in line and went together as a family) I finally looked at her and said \"What's going on? You've taken over 80 Guests and let so many single seats go by, she even let a handicap Gentlemen get in! I told her you see us here! Why are you doing this? My niece went on 80 riders ago! She came at me really hard and said that she was going to take me when she wanted and for me to read the Single Rider card for instructions. Then she continued to say that I could leave the ride because she didn't care if I went on the ride or not. I don't know where this attitude was coming from , I finally asked to speak Manger. She hollered over to a lady across the the way and said\" Singer Rider complaint !\" The lady hollered back \" it does take awhile before seating\" I said I totally get that I have done this many times and never waited this long\" at this point another lady named Cathy came a switched places with Alicia and took me and my niece right away. Barely making it on time for our return time to PeterPan. Still bothered we went back so I could get that managers name. I ran into Cathy. I said Hi , what's the name of your Manager because I would like to make a complaint. Cathy said that the Manager was not their but that she was the Supervisor. I stood quiet for a moment and realized that Alicia lied to me! That was not the Manager, it was a regular Cast Member. \"WOW, just WOW\" this employed worker for Disney . Lied to me, disrespected me, treated me unkind and was just a Horrible person.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I took my daughter to Disneyland yesterday for her 11th birthday I bought her the 26.99 woody doll got home and the head came off . What do I do now that I'm home and where to return a broken toy?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Trying to take a photo with storm troopers and the employee in the back grabbed me and told me never to do that again?! Umm what? Is that not what they're there for??? #nothappy #rude", "rating": 1}, {"text": "DISNEYLAND! How can you go wrong? This is my fifth trip to the park and I discover something new every time. My fondest childhood memories are of this park with my family and I love coming back as an adult with my significant other. Sure, there are a few rotten apples, (grumpy employees) but there are many stellar ones that make up for them. I will say I noticed more grumpy workers than I ever have before...especially those working with the food carts and on a few of the rides. Apart from that the park is always clean and fun. Planning your day to avoid peak times and crowds is advisable. There is something for everyone at Disney. Young and old alike are welcomed. I love Disney with all my heart and will continue to come back, and yes, spend hard earned money at this wonderful theme park!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Obviously, this is the happiest place on Earth. If you are new to the park, the more seasoned visitors are your BEST source of information, but the park staff are very helpful as well. Yes. The lines can be long. But, they move very quickly. If possible, take advantage of the Magic Hour for the most popular rides, so that you can go through the rest of your day with minimal stress. If you are traveling with folks that have mobility issues, the park is accessible, but still give yourself more time to see everything. The sheer volume of people at any given time make the park unwieldy for folks with strollers, wheelchairs and other assistive equipment and technology.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love the rides and the food at Disney land I also love the Mickey ears but the thing it the stuff is very, very, very expensive but oh well it's Disney land", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland.I just need to come when there isn't soo many people...yeah right...I had a blast as usual..Disneyland will bring out your inner kid..", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If you are considering purchasing an annual pass...BEWARE! The day you sign-up for the pass is the day they will charge your account...so if you renew it BEFORE your expiration date, they will double charge your account. Their explanation for this??? They say that you won't owe for the last two months of your contract. \u00a0In other words, they have two months of your money and you have nothing to show for it. When I called their billing department, it took 5 calls, 1 1/2 hours of phone time and 1 month before I received a return call and then, they said they could do nothing to remedy the issue! \u00a0I will never renew this pass again! \u00a0It is NOT \"the Happiest Place On Earth\".", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been a Disney girl my whole life. I've been many times over my considerable age span. It's always been a magical experience for me. A few years ago I began using a service dog to help me live my life to its fullest. I'd not been to Disney with her until now.   I was cheerfully asked the 2 questions at the security check point, and never had it broached again while in the park. I had done my best to research what to do while in the park and found external resources lacking. \u00a0We knew she was able to stay with me on rides that do not have a height requirement or was a rollercoaster.   So, we headed to the jungle cruise. I was not sure if we were supposed to stand in line with her or how any of that worked. I asked a kind cast member who said in Disneyland most rides will have you use the wheelchair access. So, at the jungle cruise they had us board at the exit and we sat up by the guide. She, of course stayed 4 on the floor and utterly enjoyed the cruise. The guide did fire some blanks at the hippos, but she has been gun trained and wasn't phased a bit. She did enjoy looking at all of the animals lol. Exiting was easy, we were the last ones off. She handled the boat to dock easily.   Next we went to the Pirates of the Caribbean of all the rides this was the one I was a bit hesitant about because of the drops. We entered the exit line and were attended to quickly. She handled the drops just fine, and was able to keep her footing on the floor easily. Upon exiting we noticed our butts were soggy, but she managed ro stay dry.   We poked around a bit and rode the Columbia Sailing ship which we all enjoyed. Loved the cannon fire lol. Again..gun training for the win. They use 12g shotgun blanks. We enjoyed the updated scenes around the shortened river.   All of the cast members we encountered were friendly and helpful. Even if the one guy had us using the wrong potty area lol. We found the correct one later in the day.   We took the Railroad for a ride and it was super relaxing. We then hit up The Winnie the Pooh ride. Bailey thought it was an acid trip, but was fine. From there we went to The Haunted Mansion. They have you go up the side near the exit and enter by the front door. You are the first to enter the elevator and the last to get off and they have you slide past the waiting area down a rope off pathway. They stop the ride to allow you to enter. I put Bailey in a down while the doombuggy closed up, then she sat on the floor and enjoyed the ride. The buggy does move around a bit, but not too bad. They have you stay on the ride at the regular exit and get off at the start.   When riding rides that they cannot go on you have a few options. Use a kennel, rider swap or have someone hold her for you. I was a wee bit worried about the kennel option, but turns out she loved the break lol. You still go up the exit, and they assist you on the ride and set up the kennel or show your handler where to wait. We were never made to feel bad for having them set up the kennel, ever. In fact some cast members remembered her from previous rides and were very reassuring.   Shops, restaurants and the park in general was just amazing. My anxiety came down and we really enjoyed our 3 days of magic. So many Thanks to all of the cast members who made this such an awesome vacation.   I know this post is long, but I really felt it would set other teams at ease to know what to really expect at the park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It used to be the most beautiful, fun, entertaining place in the world, but my wife and I went there for springbreak in our honeymoon and half of the attractions were closed for refurbishment, not one single show, except for a little one called Mickey ( we really wanted to see fantastic) and the magic pen or something like that. The stars in the ceiling of pirates of the Caribbean that I saw when I was a kid... no more... the rides kept breaking down, they are trying so hard to implement new technologies that they forget about what's more important. There was a show with bears that we all loved, now it's a restaurant and a baby, super short and boring Winnie poo ride. The characters look nothing like the ones in the books and movies and you could only find a couple of them. The singing in the frozen show ( Aladdin was awesome, why would you change it?) was awful. The castle... again closed for refurbishment, employees were rude sometimes, the restaurants are expensive, bad service you had to make a reservation days before and they would not respect it, they sat us 30 min after the time we reserved for at trattoria and we missed the world of color because of that.  There are many many more bad things that I could say about this place, but I was still happy for being away with my wife. we decided to instead go to the beach, it's only 40 min away and they are all beautiful.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Having been to Disneyland a multitude of tjnss , I can say that the park(s) are overpriced, congested, and simply not worth the nearly $100 a person it costs to get in. If your from out of the country or state, then Disneyland is a must see for all its glists and glory. However, just remember that Disney is a multi-billion dollar company and they only managed that by monopolizing your childhood.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Lame! To expensive! Customer Service sucks and there just a money making empire who forgot what Walt wanted and became a money hungry Corp. Go do something that will educate your mind", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I came for galaxy's edge, it was amazing, \u00a0a must if you're there. I had a reservation and we were inform there was no need to line up....that was a lie, you have to line up ealry if you want to get into the cantina or the lightsaber workshop, \u00a0they give you tickets, once they get rid of all of them, no one gets in. The blue Milk was delicious, everything had a line to get into, make sure to download the disney app, makes everything so much faster. The line to get blue milk was long, all I did was order through the app and I got it right away, skipped that long line.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My second home! I love Disney, who doesn't?:) There's always something to do for any age no matter where you're at in the resort. Great and lively atmosphere no matter how busy and crowded it gets. Just a reminder always manage your expectations and you'll have a wonderful time at the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The other night I was with a buddy of mine, we had the night free from the wives and decided for old time's sake to just park somewhere and listen to the police scanner we bought back in college. After awhile we started talking about how hard it is to find a good theme park.. one where parents are truly respected for being the heroes they are, instead of just being forgotten like some washed up villain. Anyway our families decided to give this park a try, and all I can say is wow. My buddy Bob and I truly felt at home, and there was plenty of moisture in the air... it was truly Incredible.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Wonderful, magical, and now there is Chewbacca! Olga's Cantina at Galaxy's Edge was fun too!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Loved this place as a kid, hate it today. Extremely long lines for everything! Ever increasing prices. Unfriendly staff. Even the characters can be unfriendly at times. I just go to Knotts. Way more bang for my buck.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If your idea of fun on a Sunday morning is to spend lots of money to stand in line for hours on end only to \u00a0have the ride break down just as you are ready to board this is the place for you....!!!  End of the day report..Went on 5 rides..3 of them had mechanical issues..40% efficiency is not good Disneyland..", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I practically live at Disneyland, I love it with all my heart. The thing is when people complain about prices, \u00a0I think , why go if you are gonna complain? There is no price to happiness. You only live once, so why not splurge once and awhile. So to all the people contemplating on spending money here, just do it. Do it for the memories, magic, and fun!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Overly crowded, broken rides, rude cast members, terrible food, dirty, dated, waste of money and time. \u00a0We saved for a long time to take this trip and we're beyond let down.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Overall the park was fine. \u00a0Just don't let them catch you with a selfie-stick... they confiscate about 1000 every day for \"park safety\" because they are 3 feet long. \u00a0But I can go into the park and \"safely\" buy a 6 foot lightsaber.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "#longreview  I had been yearning to visit Disneyland like forever. I was way too excited to be there! I think most of us who have been waiting to visit can relate to this feeling. My husband and I purchased the 2-day park tickets as we wanted to visit both the theme park and the adventure park separately and try to explore as much as we can. Now that we visited Disneyland, I am so glad that we bought 2-day tickets because it was so tiring and we were always on our toes rushing from one place to another! There is literally a lot to see especially in the theme park. We couldn't cover everything.  We went during the holidays last year so we enjoyed a lot of holiday specials. I feel Disneyland is probably the best place to be in during the holidays. They truly celebrate the spirit. We stayed at Hilton which is one of the closest hotels and Disney has bus shuttle services which was very convenient and also worked out much reasonable compared to their car parking; It's expensive. Once you are at the entrance, they have a baggage check. Apparently, they do not allow selfie sticks inside as they are a hazard on the rides and other attractions. They bought this rule in place recently. We had to go back to the hotel to keep ours. Once you are in, you can pick up the Disney map in one of the shops or even better download the Disneyland app on your phone. This gives you real-time wait times for rides and also show times which was honestly very very handy. We could plan our itinerary better and cover most of the places. Some attractions also had Fastpass lanes for which you need to scan your ticket and get a ticket at the nearby kiosks and return at the time mentioned on your Fastpass ticket. Note that you can only get a Fastpass every fixed period of time but this still helps as you can make better plans.   Food isn't that great at Disney which is a little disappointing. The restaurants could do much better with food quality but since once you are in, you would want a quick bite and move on to your next adventure, it was probably okay!? There are a lot of restaurants and places inside where you can just grab food and go like Pretzels, donuts, etc. A lot of variety!  Ah! We saw the fireworks they have every night many times and every time it was truly magical. The fireworks take place above the beautiful castle. There are many parades going on with most of the famous Disney characters like Mickey, Minnie, Pluto, Goofy etc present. The one we loved, in particular, was during the night which was the Holiday parade. Awesome! I think we almost loved every attraction and show that we went to but some that we really enjoyed were:  At the Theme Park- - Matterhorn Bobsleds in Fantasyland - Jungle Cruise in Adventureland - Indiana Jones in Adventureland - It's a Small World in Fantasyland: This was so beautiful. I had never seen so many dolls at once in my life. This was amazing to see so much diversity in every frame that we moved onto. - Mickey's House and Meet Mickey in Mickey Toottown: I was super excited to meet Mickey. There was quite a wait but was worth it! - Fantasmic in Frontierland: Absolutely amazing!! This was in the night at 2 times- 9 pm and 10:30 pm. My feet were killing me at the end of the day but still gathered the strength to watch the show. It is a must watch. It is a combination of so many Disney characters singing and dancing together on a ship with spectacular fireworks and projection of different scenes on the mist. It was just so many things happening one after the other. Would certainly leave you in awe! - Splash Mountain in Critter Country  At the Adventure Park- - Radiator Spring Racers in Cars Land: This always has the most wait time in the adventure park. When we went, there were huge lines with almost 3 hours waiting. I'd highly recommend getting a Fastpass for this one. We saved so much time by doing so. - Soarin' Around the World in Grizzly Peak: Loved this one! They fly you through some amazing places in the world also making the experience more real by introducing fragrances related to that particular place. Makes you feel like you are really there. - Incredicoaster in Pixar Pier - Grizzly River Run in Grizzly Peak: \u00a0You will get wet in this but was so much fun!! - Turtle Talk with Crush in Hollywood Land: We just went to this since this was close to where we were at in the park and thought would be an okay performance but we really enjoyed how Crush was so spontaneous to every question being asked by the crowd. Totally unexpected! - Guardians of the Galaxy in Hollywood Land: I really didn't have the stomach for this one as we went for this after dinner but I wanted to miss it. Was good! - Frozen - Live at the Hyperion in Hollywood Land: This is a 1-hour show but is really good!  There were so many more places we visited but it is so difficult to remember all. Disney has so much to offer! My most favorite place! Thank you, Walt Disney, for creating such a beautiful world! :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Honestly, you can read 60,000 reviews on Disneyland. I think I will just tell you my favorite places to eat. Lol  1. Pork belly plate at Bengal BBQ!- This plate comes with your choice of protein (2 kabobs) a side of Jasmine rice and Island slaw. It is soooo good. A must try!! So convenient that you can mobile order ahead of time and pick up.   2. Oscars Choice breakfast at Carnation Cafe- eggs, breakfast potatoes, sausage or bacon, your choice of bread and fruit. It's sooo good! Also the Mickey Mouse waffle is really good!!   3. Churro Funnel Cake at Hungry Bear Restaurant- do I even need to explain? (See photo) you need it!!  4. Chili cone queso at cozy cone motel- yes, I know it's at California Adventure but.. I couldn't leave it off the list! It's sooo good! Chili, cheese and Fritos in a bread cone! Yes please!!   This list could go on and on! Other things to consider: churro, Matterhorn macaroon, Dole whip, ( must have) Corn dog on Main Street (must have)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Great couple of days spent with the family. They have all ages covered and really make out for a great experience. The lines were not too long considering the stories and it was nice to see most of the park. Would recommend spending a few days if you're really wanting to get to experience all the rides and atmosphere.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Once upon a time this was the happiest place on Earth. However, the way this place treats guests with disabilities especially \u00a0veterans and \u00a0I'm not talking about myself. It's horrendous, despicable, \u00a0and utterly irreparable. If all it takes is a damn cane or walker to get DAS access. Yet, guests with actual disabilities that are documented are turned away. Well then, fuck you.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I've been to Disney land 8 times. This time was the worst experience at a park i can't believe we pay so much for bad sevice and bad staff i also stayed at California hotel and the experience there was no different get it together Disney land. This trip makes me fill like i never want to go here again unbelievable i complained to city hall about everything and barley anything was done to compensate me and my family.. SMH", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We try to come at least once a month the past few years and our excitement has not worn off! Nothing beats a family Disneyland day!   Tips- on the tram if you go in the very first or last line you don't have to fold your stroller. Another option is walking and it's really a nice walk.   The mom center is a must! Cushy changing tables, nursing rooms, all kinds of baby supplies!.   Disneyland is totally doable and enjoyable with a baby and even more fun with a toddler.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Somebody just sent me a note saying I was lied to about securing my weapon. I didn't say this on the earlier post but I am law enforcement allowed to carry my firearm. I was told if I had my weapon I could check it \u00a0  even if it is not returned Security should not be allowed to keep any items that are forced to be thrown away", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Horrible experience at jolly holiday today date 1/29/2018 time 19:57 with Gigi , sarcastic and rude does not go well together. I know how to swipe my damn card thank you very much next time try to add a little sugar to your personality.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "One of the reasons I started to speak English was because of the Mouse! AKA Mickey Mouse long ago when I was in grammar school out in East LA my teacher would have writing contest. That made it my goal to win that ticket to see the mouse. I natural won! LOL! Speaking in English came later. Soon after when my father ask me \"Do you want to move, closer the mouse? Naturally I said \"yes\" and the rest is history. Now it has become a family tradition to drop in when ever because of course most of the folks (my family) I know I have year passes or Disney passports. I recently visited California adventure and you should see the new parking structure. They now check all bags so use caution with scissors or lighters. Live anything questionable in your car. You are welcome to pack snacks to enjoy int he park. Otherwise one hotdog can be $10. Yeah I am a budget kind of girl! \u00a0Oh and look for the Tiger Tail! My favorite treat! I do not recommend Holidays. I suggest to arrive when park opens or the last two hours before they close. Less crowded but I prefer the last 2 hours before they close. As a young Teen I truly enjoyed Grand Night so look out for those special events because you might get stuck with a bunch a teenagers.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am an annual pass holder. Never once had any issues about parking. I arrive this morning at 8am. You can not park inside the Mickey and Friends lot. I do think there should have been something posted on their Facebook page, website or something. Took me over an hour to locate where they are sending everyone.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can you really say about this place ! But memories! Feeling like a child again ! The greatest place in the world !", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ohhh Disneyland what can we say about you? 1 word FUN! The last time I came to Disneyland was when my kids were 3 &amp; 7 years old. A lot has changed during that time. Disney threw me off with the big parking structure but it was nice there's a tram that takes you back and forth to and from the park. I was heartbroken that splash mountain was closed tho :( but we did make almost all the rides. Fast pass the big rides I promise you it's worth it and while you wait you get to check out cool stuff near it or get on a ride that doesn't have as much as a wait time on it. SO WORTH iT!! There is so much magic inside of Disneyland when your there only downfall is they don't serve beer! :( high killer but it's all good. You have sober fun with the kids.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth. Never too old for Disneyland and don't let anyone ever tell you otherwise :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Prior to Covid, in January 2020, my family bought Southern California 3 day park hopper passes. They were good for three visits through May 2020. We went to Disneyland in January. \u00a0By March \u00a0COVID closed everything including Disneyland down. around January 12, 2021 Disneyland stated the were refunding first Neal passes on a pro rated basis. I called Disneyland, waited on hold for an hour, only for the cast member to tell me her computer was down. She did call me back. The cost of the park hopper ticket was $254.00 dollars. I figured that meant we would get refunded 2/3 of what I paid. Oh no, the way Disney computed things was that the cost for a one day park hopper was about $179.00 ( side note we didn't even go into California adventure) . All they were willing to refund was $75.00. We should have received about $85.00 x2. We bought this special pass because the cost per visit was less than half of he normal price. The cast member said that was the best she would do. I think that is awful ripping hardworking people off like that. She tried to tell me that I should keep the tickets as they extended the period of time they were valid. \u00a0No thank you, COVID is spiking and who k owns when they will reopen and if it will be safe. Not sure I will ever return to Disneyland. Very angry and sad.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ok this is my happy place and my sons favorite place on earth. All I can say is we can't wait until it opens. We love this place. I could probably write for days about how much of a Disney person I am!!!! My favorite ride is well, I have lots of favorites, I love It's a Small World and Space Mountain probably the most. My sons favorite area is Cars Land. I love it too, it reminds me of going back in time. I love when the sun goes down in Cars Land and how the music is played just like the movie and all the neon lights turn on. It's so cute! I love the way I feel when I go to to Disney I feel like I am a kid all over again. The cast members make you feel special. I was a cast member myself so I always put joy on peoples faces. I love the magic of the fireworks and parades too. I love pin collecting and looking at all of them when I go. Disneyland I miss you.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am Disneyland pass holder today for the Halloween event my son was denied to bring in his hand made sword from newspaper he utilizes it because he is autistic. I explained to the security he needs to have it as it soothes him. He has always brought in with him with no problem at all. My son started to cry and had no sympathy for him by far the worst experience for me and my son.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great first day experience. \u00a0Brandon that worked on space mountain Monday 3:45 was awesome. \u00a0Great customer service. \u00a0Good job for training your staff Disneyland management", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Overpriced, crowded, outdated. $7.49 for a toddler menu, burger is the size of a chicken nugget made of 2 piece of bread and a patty hard as concrete, nothing else. And the parade sucked, waited 40 minutes to see Mickey passing by in a car, everybody around us was so disappointed. The only magic you'll find if you're not a kid is the money that disappear from your wallet...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Best place. Cast members are great rides and lines are reasonable. Food is great too. Pixar parade is fun too", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I went with my friend today, \u00a0we have both had our passes for multiple years, me almost 10. I last used my pass when I went to the parks a week before so \u00a0I was afraid I had left it in my \u00a0Disney backpack and not my Disney purse that I was using today. There was no line to get in so I didn't look for it beforehand. Upon entrance I pulled out the very first pass I had bought \u00a0in high school that I didnt know I still had and was told it had been replaced and couldn't get in. My friend who was already inside went outside to help me look, I found it quickly and we went back to the line to get in again. Her pass was then confiscated and she was told she had misused her pass and given it to someone else to get in which was not true. I argued with 2 different people about it and they would not review the tapes, help us in any type of way, or ask us what happened/talk to the employees that had dealt with our situation less than 5 minutes prior. Her pass was confiscated for reasons that made no sense, a pass that cost $800 and we were told after driving me an hour and a half AND PAYING $25 for parking that she could not get in and there was nothing we could do about it. There is no number to call or way to be compensated for the emotional distress and financial strain placed on us today. Do not buy a pass!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We were misinformed by queue employees about the fast pass. We were not informed that we had to digitally check in to use fast pass. By the time we figured it out, all the queues we wanted to use fast pass for were booked up for the day. It seemed like a waste of money paying extra for fast pass when we were not informed on the mobile app or by employees on how to actually use the fast pass. BIG WARNING FOR FAST PASS GUESTS.  When we checked in at security, my guest went through the security line and the security personnel opened and looked through my guest's prescription medication - which was marked on the bottle. This seems like a major invasion of privacy so beware of that too.  The few routes we had toward bathrooms were blocked off or too crowded to navigate towards a bathroom at the time of the parade (which we had no idea was starting).   Ride lines could have used sun shading of some form. We were badly sunburned as a result.  The rides were very fun. The people going around cracking jokes were enjoyable. The merchandise is surprisingly fairly priced. The food... not so much.  Overall it was a bad experience, but I would be willing to go back during Winter, and knowing how to use the fast pass. It's probably going to be many years until - or if - I do.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is absolute ass. Waited in line for 3 rides for 3 hours each. NOT THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH!!! I had to seek therapy to accept the fact that I spent $400 on 4 tickets for my family -- the equivalent of a \"cast members\" week earnings. Will not be coming back to this hell-hole of pedophillic mice and skanky princesses. Disney can suck it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is the best place to have friends and family hang out. Like they say: The Happiest Place On Earth!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Hey Disney how about posting a rehab schedule for all of the attractions in both parks at the beginning of the year.    \u00a0That way families wont be out thousands of dollars by planning and paying for a vacation just to have better then half the park closed for refurb. By the time of said planned visit. It would be nice to be able to plan accordingly. \u00a0  The attraction closures for Star Wars land where expected...but had I and others known of the recent additions to your rehab schedule I would have made travel plans elsewhere. Especially since clearly the ticket price hasn't gone down to reflect the amount of closed attractions there are.   \u00a0Your expensive surprise has pretty much ruined my families and I'm sure many others vacation.  Unfortunately I'm 5k into our planned visit and don't have time to change plans now, being only 2wks from our visit...sadly I don't think I'll ever make plans to visit a Disney park or attraction again in the future.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth. \u00a0 \u00a0 It's amazing I can take my parents here.. and they remember how little has changed since they are kids.. and I can take my nieces and nephews and be amazed in a different way... \u00a0where else can grandparents and children get the feels ?", "rating": 5}, {"text": "OMGosh! Who doesn't LOVE Disneyland!!! I swear Disneyland is my favorite place in the world. It's the most expensive place on earth (I feel) but it's also where you can just have a whole day to be a kid again and not have to worry about work, school, problems, etc. Just have fun and enjoy the day! It was my boyfriends first time at Disneyland when we went together and I think we had an awesome time. I'm happy I got to spend his first Disneyland experience with him. If you decide to go to Disneyland or California adventures more often, the annual pass is actually pretty worth it. If your calculating the cost of a ticket vs the annual pass just always remember that Disneyland prices will keep on increasing with popularity. The most expensive annual pass includes parking so it is worth it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland but I don't love the employees. This place needs better management. I'm too tired to explain myself because I just walked 5 miles to my car", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am blown away at how Disneyland has gone about treating its annual pass holders. They advertise 38 dollars a month for a flex pass. And I am an annual pass holder. I pay 97$ a month for the deluxe..... and I want to down grade due to the fact Disneyland took all summer from me. And it was empty cause well to be honest they raised the prices for everything. Parking and passes. And everything else in the park hahaha even been closing earlier due to them needing to save money. They raised the prices in the galaxy's edge for the drinks as if they weren't already over priced.... to down grade my annual pass they said and I quote \"if I pay the voluntary amount of $154.09 my flex pass will be 45 dollars a month\" voluntary they say. But you pay even more if you do not pay the voluntary renewing fee. Disneyland is the smallest out of all the parks. And not even worth what I spent on the deluxe. But now to renew my pass and DOWN GRADE from deluxe to flex it's even more expensive. Disneyland is a joke. The pass is so not worth it. And be smart go to universal or knotts. You will get more for your money. Less bs too. I spoke to 6 cast members and every single one said something different. \u00a0No body knows what they are doing. One star 1 crappie star and Disneyland doesn't even deserve that. The flex pass should be for a renew 76$ a month for 2 NOT 100! Unreasonable and absolutely ridiculous.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We got the day photo pass and the staff was able to take so many wonderful pictures of my family throughout the park . I end up not even using my professional camera.   I took my Stokke stroller which we were happy to do so since my son still takes naps during the day. Many stroller parking spaces available. I highly recommend stroller for children 5 and under.   Having the Disney app dowloaded on my phone saved us a lot of time . I was able to rsvp for restaurants and for some longer wait time rides . Also the photos taken at the park by staff members was directly transferred to my Disney app", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Where do I start!? Increasing prices!? I understand the demand is there but Disneyland is for the kids!! Yet most parents can't afford to take their kids. I feel like it's money motivated. It's say but that's the world", "rating": 1}, {"text": "breaks my heart to write this because I've always loved Disneyland but thru the years the magic is gone, they just have gone money crazy and going on a Disneyland trip is a nightmare. There's just so many other things I would rather do than spend thousands to be annoyed and disappointed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Had a really bad experience with the fast pass system. When we showed up to use the only fast passes we had, the ride was down. We could not use the passes at any other ride. Very disappointed, way too crowded to get on another ride.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "When visiting the theme park I was approached by many many jolly cast members. Making my experience I wonderful time with my daughter. !!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is the happiest place on earth...when you can get Fast Passes for the rides you desire. \u00a0Since my review is meaningless in regards to deciding whether you will go to Disneyland or not, I'll focus on what I love most about Disneyland.  1. \u00a0The park is always clean! \u00a0They invest so much into their staff so that they aren't overworked and have time to greet guests. \u00a0I chose the word INVEST because having a bunch of cleaners isn't free but they gambled that they could charge more and get more guests if they always maintained a clean park.  2. \u00a0The park is immersive. \u00a0No company builds areas and staff that immerse you in the theme of the land like Disney. \u00a0They have amplified this even more with the Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge zone. \u00a0The staff plays the part that they are in a new world and treat guests accordingly. \u00a0When sitting in a bench and relaxing for a second, we were harassed by Kyle Ren and asked to commit to the First Order. \u00a0We were able to maintain allegiance to the Resistance and survive but my son has to stand up against him and I have to admit, he and his stormtroopers were quite intimidating. \u00a0I think some updating of older areas would be useful to recapture the magic buy happy to see the streets of the park littered with characters and still there are long lines at each which means do it even more Disney!  3. \u00a0Disney brand is equated with family friendly movies and policies. \u00a0As a father, I became hyper aware to content that we allow our children to enjoy. \u00a0It definitely has an impact on their version of reality. \u00a0You may call it overprotective, but most content isn't appropriate for under 16 crowd. \u00a0Disney has been non-smoking and free of cursing since inception. \u00a0It's refreshing to spend your money on a company that reinforces family values and focuses on kids truly believing that they can do ANYTHING they dream of. \u00a0Who says that growing older means that you understand and obey the limitations of society?  4. \u00a0Technology is always advancing. \u00a0I love the implementation of Fast Pass years ago but even more excited that it moved to an app to save on litter and save many steps for us attendees. \u00a0The Photo Pass is also amazing as you get family pictures from all rides that offer photos and any photographer in the park. \u00a0I've noticed a huge drop in the number of photographers so I plead that Disney extend staffing to make this service the value that it once was to capture these precious family's moments! \u00a0The only issue we found with Fast Pass is that you couldn't get into Rise if the Resistance if you didn't enter the park within the first 30 minutes of park opening. \u00a0It is worth going in on time because this is the most immersive experience I've ever had. \u00a0Wow!!!!  Months ahead of park entrance tips: Book your hotel so that you can easily walk to and from the park. \u00a0I recommend the Hilton or Marriott hotels as they are very nice and easily walkable.  Book your meals inside the park! \u00a0If you want to have a beautiful meal at Blue Bayou that resides inside the Pirates of the Caribbean ride, book way ahead of time as you have to be in a wait list otherwise that kills valuable park hours. \u00a0In the heat of summer, this is THE place to go!  Day of tip: Make sure that you go 30 minutes early to get through security/bag check so that you're in line to enter the park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Forget it! Just horrible. Average wait time from 45 min! And if you have small children you'd be stressed and very disappointed. Spent $500 on family day passes and been able to do only 3 attractions. Hell no I'm coming back! Here's an advice - go to your local amusement park and enjoy the day!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "You can call me biased... I'm ok with that.   First, Disney is expensive. You're right. But, for my family and I, we are okay with that.   There is a few ways to Disney. On a budget, enjoying it, or all out. We've done each, and enjoyed them as they came. We prefer to enjoy it, as going all out isn't always an option, but being on a budget still lets you enjoy Disney! Don't think you won't.   Disney can have long lines, lots of people, and can be overwhelming. Research when you go. Plan. Prepare.   If you want to see the characters, find out the times they come out. If you want souvenirs that are cheap, the Penny press is perfect. The candy apples are $12 and can be shared by 4 people.   Don't go into Disney blind! Find a friend who goes (or message me) and plan it to make the most of your trip. We go 2-3 times a year. This is my happy place, and for good reason.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is always a really fun place to go, especially for multiple days. When I go, I always use the SoCal resident ticket to get a discount on tickets. Just a tip: go on the days when CalAdv is having their Magic Morning day. That usually cut down on wait times. All the rides are really fun; especially Space Mountain (a roller coaster taking place in pitch darkness). Big Thunder is also really a great ride, even though it is loud at times. Anyway, I really have a lot of fun at Disneyland, and would definitely recommend it to anyone. Even though the food is overpriced, I would advise the clam chowder in a bread bowl. To conclude this review, I would just say that Disneyland is a really fun place to go to, regardless of why (tourism, vacation, etc). It gets crowded, but there are certain days that aren't at all.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm not really sure how you can have young kids and not give Disneyland a 5 Star rating. The place is pretty awesome to see kids run around and have fun. As an adult, I go on a few rides here and there but I am just there to see the kids have fun. This is the first time we have been and the new MaxPass is a MUST. Especially if you are just doing the park in 1 day. The fact that you can do everything from your phone is pretty cool. Worth the $10 extra per ticket. I guess if you have to choose something negative about the place, it would be that the prices just keep going up. I look forward to Star Wars land being open the next time we are here.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What was once a great place to visit and expand your imagination, has now become a money grubbing corporation. They overcharge for everything including tickets for entry, food, and souvenirs. I used to have an annual pass because I really had no choice because of the wife. I've now convinced her that I will no longer be contributing to these greedy bastards and my pass has now expired. Why should I pay so much money just to rub shoulders with sweaty ass people and bump into strollers all day? Why should I pay to stand in lines for hours on end? It's just not worth it anymore. Screw disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is horrendous. From a person who has been to the \u00a0Universal Studios several times and endless amusement and water parks this is one of the most terrible, horrible day off experiences one can ever have. It takes 30 minutes to walk from a house to house, not talking about the time it takes to wait in line for any of the rides. Lines, lines, lines and people on top of people. We saw close to ZERO characters after spending there half a day. My two year old had to wait 40 minutes in line to wave at Mickey Mouse. He waved back. We saw 2 of them in front of the Chinese Theatre in Hollywood that same day. At the Universal Studios you can take pictures with Simpsons, monsters are literally chasing you and you can talk to the guy from the Back To The Future... Never again, Disneyland, never again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Very nice place i loved it everyone so kind helpful and full of happiness definitely buying my anual pass soon", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have not been to Disneyland in years. Really had no reason to go until now. I spent the weekend here to experience Star Wars: Galaxys Edge and to ride the Millenium Falcon.   The park was colorfully decorated in Halloween theme and all the cast members were dressed up for the occasion. I got a 2-day park hopper pass so I could go to California Adventure and the original park where Pirates of the Carribean is at. I rode as many rides as I could during my 2-day visit. I made sure to drink plenty of water to stay hydrated because it was hot af all weekend.   Out of all the rides at the park, I enjoyed Guardians of the Galaxy: Mission Breakout (the drop really gets you what a RUSH! lt felt like my soul was leaving my body LMAO!!! ) and Star Tours the most. I'm not sure when I will be back at Disneyland again, but I had so much fun. I will say this the cast members that play Gamora and Star Lord need a raise in pay they are good at their jobs.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Me and my little girl love this place ! Yes we come here for the snacks !!!! There are so many options for small children it's just so fun watching her face light up when she sees a character walk by", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Waste of money, discourteous staff and over all annoyance. I loved going here as a child but it's become worse gradually over time. Sad to see but what the hell, its Disney and we are better off without their modern crap factory entertainment.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "More like the most \"Crowded Place On Earth\" ...  Note to management of Disneyland Resort, please black out more days for 1st time customers or passport customers. I've been coming to Disneyland for a better part of 4 decades. Never have I seen so many people crammed into this park! The line for PotC stretches all the way to the entrance of Haunted Mansion. The Disney Co. cannot be that hard up for money for them to allow this. \u00a0A huge thumb down for allowing this to happen.  For anyone thinking of planning a vacation to Disneyland, do your kids a favor and plan ahead of time (off days). Disney headquarters can tell you when the least amount of patrons visit the park.  As for passport holders like myself, its a crap shoot. At this time, an annual passport is just not worth the money nor the increase in price of admission into Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place blows if you are from California and remember the low price for locals years ago. Now its like $100 a person or more. Pay this much to wait in line all day.....no thanks! If you're a tourist see the rest of LA and skip this hype.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Since we are the pass holders and living so close, we come here at least two times per month. Weekends can get very busy, but weekdays are usually not too bad...regardless busy or not, we always find entertainments besides rides everywhere either shows, live music, shopping and food...  The passes and admissions are expensive and I am not going to lie, but they do up keep the place and make sure they maintain the place as magical as it can be. Some people argue other theme parks in so cal are much cheaper, yes but they also are not Disney! And they do try to have different rides and entertainments for different age groups. No offense to the people who like other parks, but I do think Disney spent w great amount of time and money to create and maintain that magic.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have had the privilege to go to Disneyland for a good part of the last 40 years. \u00a0To say the park has changed is painfully obvious to anyone that has been there during that time. I've held annual passes for 5 years and have celebrated everything from my kids birthdays to a couple of my wedding anniversaries (at Napa Rose). \u00a0It does not seem that long ago admission was $10 and the parking lot was where California Adventure is now.   Last week, my son and I visited the Disneyland Resort to celebrate his 7th birthday. Our visit was overshadowed by rude staff members and safety concerns. \u00a0 I thought we had arrived early at Disneyland at 8:30am to purchase our annual passes, but it was already very busy. I told the ticket booth my son was celebrating his 7th birthday and the cashier was very nice and handed us buttons to wear throughout the parks. My son was very excited to go to Car's Land so we headed there first after a quick stop to the photo shop to take our photo ID's. \u00a0We got in line @9am for the Radiator Springs Racers FASTPASS. \u00a0We were in line for 25 minutes just to get a FASTPASS. When I got the tickets it was shocking that the return time was 9:05 PM - 10:05 PM. \u00a0I voiced this concern to one of the ride attendants at the start of the line and he suggested I use the single riders line which was a 45 minute wait. He explained to me that we would probably be separated but there might be a chance we would be near each other, When it got to be our turn the lady who was determining where people went was clearly distracted. She didn't acknowledge my son's birthday and when I approached her with a concern she was rude and condescending. \u00a0I told her I understood that my 7yr old and I would be separated for the ride but I wanted to ask her if there was a way to do it safely. She told me \"you chose this line\". I continued by saying I don't want to lose my son and have him wander off. I thought the attendant would pull us off to one side and try to put us near each other or say something like the adult should go first... Again she said \"you chose this line\" and made me feel like I was being lectured. Ultimately, there was no incident but the final attendant clearly could have shed some light on the process of the ride and or given me some kind words of advice without making me feel stupid for choosing the single rider line.  After the ride we headed for the bathroom located across from the Cozy Cone. \u00a0The bathroom was busy and my son waited for an enclosed stall. \u00a0When one opened up an older man with graying dark hair in his late 50's early 60's grabbed my son's hand and moved him aside preventing him to use the toilet. \u00a0He told my son he had to wait his turn. \u00a0I was standing right there and yelled at the man telling him he had no right touching my son. I told him how dare he go in front of a 7 year old boy. \u00a0All three of the men that were standing with me in the bathroom made a comment of how inappropriate this man was to my son.  Thinking I was doing the right thing, I looked for a Disneyland employee to report what had happened. \u00a0So upset by what had happened, I did not take down any of their names but I remember the first man I approached was wearing a uniform from the Mater's Junkyard. \u00a0He walked me to a uniformed security guard. \u00a0I told him what had happened and even pointed out the man that had touched my son as he walked past us in his blue striped shirt. The security guard asked my son if he was hurt and my son said \"no\". He then turned to me and said that it didn't happen in front of a Disneyland employee and was too late after it happened. Stopping this man and confronting him now would do no good. \u00a0I protested and said it had just happened and how could it possibly be witnessed by an employee in a public restroom. \u00a0I feel I acted in a responsible manner by reporting the incident to the appropriate person but Disney security did not do a thing about it because my son wasn't physically hurt.  We ended up having a good visit and I do enjoy both parks. I still wanted to warn anyone who reads this review of the potential for danger because Disneyland clearly is not concerned about what happened to us.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family of 4 went to Disneyland July 24, 2018. We did 1 day, 1 park with the maxpass, Mini Plaza Breakfast, &amp; dinner at the Blue Bayou. My son and I were both celebrating our Birthdays. We started our morning by stopping at Guest Relations to get our celebration buttons. The lady that helped us was very nice. From there we went to the Mini Plaza for our character buffet. I am not sure why in the world we paid $133 for a character breakfast - we only had 2 characters come up to our table and only 1 drew attention to my sons birthday button. We didn't take the picture because now you have to wait in a LONG line to take pictures with Mini instead of the traditional plaza pictures the Plaza used to do. Max &amp; Tigger were the ONLY 2 characters to visit us! My son and daughter were VERY disappointed!!!   After Breakfast we went over to Star Tours as I booked a fastpass for 8:15am. I highly suggest getting the Maxpass. My son and I are big Star Wars fans! No cast member said Happy Birthday to either my son. We got placed in the very back row behind a party of 3, with a party of 2 behind us. The cast member yelled at my husband multiple times to move over and basically push my daughter out of the way. SIR!! MOVE OVER! 2 BY 2! SIR YOU HAVE TO STAND 2 by 2!! SIR! Not waiting for my husband to ask my daughter to please move over. After the ride was over we did speak with the attractions manager regarding the rudeness of your employee. That took another 20-25 minutes out of our day.   We were at the park for over 14 hours that day - we had maybe 10 cast members (TOTAL) say Happy Birthday to us or at least one of us. We have gone to Disneyland MANY times and have spent LOTS of money there throughout the years and this trip was very disappointing. With all the money that you all collect from people you would think that the park would be cleaner. Standing in line waiting for a roller coaster in Toon Town, sweating our butts off (there should be misters to help keep the guest cool), looking at the water we were surrounded by, we were disgusted. There was moss growing everywhere, tree leaves everywhere, and about 20 hats throughout the water that looked to have been there for quite some time. Indian Jones &amp; the temple of Doom ride had gum on the walls. The bathrooms were DISGUSTING and smelled! Not sure they had anyone cleaning them?   couldn't find a photographer to take family pictures for us except in the Star Wars Launch Pad where we saw Rey, Chewbacca, &amp; Darth Vader. Although it was nice to see Bell ride the carousel (we didn't get to ride with her). Come to think about it Bell was the only character we saw roaming the park that day who actually interacted with the guests. There was Eeyore &amp; Pooh over by splash Mountain and we saw a tiny glimpse of Goofy at his house in Toon Town, oh and Jesse ran past us but was to busy to stop and say hi to the kids.  The Blue Bayou was fantastic!!! We did spend over $200 for our dinner for the 4 of us. No we did not get the Fantasmic dinners. We didn't know the details of that until after we had already ordered our food. The service was great. The food was fantastic. Waitress did address our Birthdays with a cute and yummy mickey cake but no singing allowed in the Blue Bayou.   The last time we went to Disneyland was for my daughters birthday. We stayed at the California Grand and went to the Halloween with Mickey. They had my favorite character out that night. My daughter &amp; I wanted to take a picture with her but we weren't allowed to because they were getting ready to leave for the night. They all were just standing there - 4 evil ones with only 1 still taking pictures and the cast members wouldn't allow my daughter and myself to take pictures with Maleficent who was just standing there. Not to mention that our hotel room had mold on the bathroom walls and the wall paper in the room was peeling apart. Again LOTS of money spent!!! It was GROSS! It seems things are getting worse but yet the prices are getting higher. We feel that Disneyland has lost Walt Disney's vision for making people happy and are just about the money which is a shame. Disneyland is supposed to be the happiest place on earth - honestly my kids said they had a much better time at Universal Studios and their employees were so much nicer and accommodating. Also Universal Studios has misters throughout the park and in the lines for the extremely hot days.   Please remember to hold onto your water bottles if you go on the rides at Disneyland. I watched a cast member pour out 2 $3.75 bottle of waters. The cast members won't inform you that they will be pouring them out and throwing them away - they just do it. The peoples faces were priceless when she did that. Again a little courtesy towards the guests would have been nice. Maybe say something to them before you dump out their waters &amp; throw them away?!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Definitely the Happiest Place on Earth! Worth every penny!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We purchased our tickets online via Disneyland. \u00a0Upon arriving to the park we followed the instructions to retrieve our E-ticket (<a href=\"/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FDisney.disneyland.go.com&amp;s=d19865e40865da85d119c5598394964c3b881b6631371538646c6846b7c1d542\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">Disney.disneyland.go.com</a>) this was a direct link, \u00a0well the screen comes up black and won't load our tickets. We have called our friend and fed the email link to see if they can pull it up and nothing. \u00a0So I called Disneyland help line and all they can say is \"sorry\" but you will have to go to the ticket booth. \u00a0The line for that is probably 2.5hours. We have been in line for an hour already and haven't even reached the front where the chain links are. \u00a0This is totally unacceptable esply from a big company like Disney! Thousands of guest have paid for E-tix and can't even get into the park bcz the server isn't working. \u00a0All Disney can say is \"sorry\". Wow a a paying customer, I did my part. \u00a0I purshcased 5 tickets. \u00a0What are you going to do Bob Iger CEO. \u00a0DISNEY can't say this rarely happens bcz they have tape lines on the ground so they kno it's an issue. Why not fix it and find a way to expedite the ticket process. \u00a0Mr Iger. I paid $595 for tickets and I'm standing in a 2-3 hour line outside the park! \u00a0How can u say this is the \"happiest place on earth? \u00a0My contact info is <a href=\"mailto:este_pj@yahoo.com\">este_pj@yahoo.com</a>. \u00a0As a 23yr combat vet I'm highly disappointed in Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Bought Disney breakfast with characters for my kids, cost an arm and a leg. Our table was ignored by most of the characters for the entire time. Even told the Disney employee at the breakfast who didn't give two poops. Called Disney to complain, they wanted to do zero about it. They sent 3 pictures signed by characters, which definitely does not make up for the money we wasted. I would not recommend wasting your hard earned money on the breakfast. While I'm sure I'll have to take my kids to Disneyland again, there will be no character breakfast involved and will spend the least amount of money that I have to while making sure my kids have a good time. Billion dollar company can't refund a family for a horrific breakfast experience. What a joke and bad bad bad customer service. Greedy.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We Always have a Great time at Disneyland everytime we go. APH, \u00a0Today was cold \u00a0but thank God no rain. Luv taking tons of pictures", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Awesome fireworks, but Disney has been cancelling 80% of the time recently to save money (budget cuts to make up for Shanghai) and then they lie and say it's because of the wind. FALSE. A friend works for Disney and confirmed this is a lie! The wind prevents the fireworks only once or twice a month in reality. Bob Iger only makes $22,000 an hour but whatever.  CHEAPSKATES!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Came to purchase my annual pass because this is the happiest place on earth . Amazing food , great rides and outstanding customer service", "rating": 5}, {"text": "LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this park. I am a huge Disney fan and just love it all, especially the fond memories that have been made over my lifetime.   It is expensive, but if you do your homework, you can have a great vacation for a fraction of the full cost. For cheaper tickets, try buying Target gift cards at either Target or Costco to get about 5% off, then buy the passes at Target. Not that much cheaper... but you get a decent discount. Also, inquire about free or cheap transports to and from Disney to you hotel/motel/rental/etc... if you do ride shares, stick with Lyft and watch for surges.   The only real downside of the park is some of the decisions to move out places to sit down and removing the Tower of Terror.... there was plenty of space to build the Guardian of the Galaxy ride and leave the Tower alone.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I saw a whole new side of Disneyland. We went on the Small World ride with the lights on! It was bright enough to see that this ride was in desperate need of TLC. The carpet around some of the displays was frayed or lifting up and the wall coverings had smudges everywhere. We could see broken tiles in the ceilings where the trapeze cables swing the characters. The fact that I could see the exposed ceilings was a let down. The channels the boats float through were filthy. To top it off, our ride got stuck for almost 15 minutes. Lots of time to notice just how badly Disney has let this ride deteriorate. I'd heard from others how shabby the rides were when the lights came up but I had to see to believe it.  I couldn't find a section specifically for Cafe Orleans so adding here. Disney suggests you make a reservation for the restaurants but when we sowed up, we still had to wait at least 20 minutes. This was the same wait time we heard them give people who just walked up with no reservation. The difference was if we walked away to go somewhere else, our credit card would have been charged $10 per person in our party! Once we finally were seated and our order taken we had to flag down other employees for drinks, etc and to find our waiter, who forgotten to bring items we initially ordered. The final insult was the 20% gratuity that was added to our bill. Really!!?? People spend a lot of money to come to Disneyland and more once they get inside. Is it too much to ask for better service than you get at McDonalds? Disneyland please up your game!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We had a Terrible parking experience when the Anaheim police separated us from our family members.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The BEST place on earth to bring your children. How can you not like Disneyland. My family love it. We spent the whole day there enjoyed all the food we can eat. The best part about the day was it wasn't business at all line was moving fast we rode every ride there. We took pictures with all most every character.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "A lot of things have changed since I visited last year in the Summer. The closed section of Fantasy Land and the closed Disney Railroad had now been opened. New things such as the Max Pass, Hyper Space is now back to the old Space Mountain, Pain the Night is in CA Adventure and Pixar Parade is now in Disneyland.  Well folks, the new theme this year is Pixar. They are now going to be changing the Paradise Pier to Pixar Pier. They are changing California Soarin' to the Incredicoaster (after the Indcredibles, open on the 22nd to passholders).  I have really enjoyed our stay here, at the hotel and at the park. I do enjoy the Max Pass, but you have to pay $75 per person for the annual pass holder per year, or $10 per day for regular ticket holders. It seems to be pretty great as long as you start early in the day, as fast passes become scarce into the day. If you want big tickets such as Cars, Space Mountain or Matterhorn, you better get them reserved early in the day. As soon as you use that fast pass you may sign up for another. It should be sooner, but the Max Pass still has some glitches. It is a good value because it is better than Knotts, Universal and Magic Mountain (barf).  I will be willing to deal because of my mouse, the imagination and the standard of service at Disneyland. It will be nuts next year as Star Wars Land will be opening. Yikes!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is solely on the parking service. Being an annual pass holder, Disneyland has always been a great place to come with my son. But I experienced the worse parking service out or the times I've been here. First of all, when they direct you it would be considerate if they make sure others cars park within their lines. When they didn't I asked to park in the next spot over to avoid scratches or dings on my car. The gentleman said no. So I tried the best I can to park without having to worry. Then I had to move up closer from a different gentleman who was yelling at me. I told him the other car opened their door widely and I'm trying to avoid a hit on my car. He didn't car and proceeded to make me move. If he was in my position it would be different. It would have been nice if the parking assistance would be more understanding and considerate. It ruined my whole day going into the park. I am trying to enjoy the day with my family.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Sadness Disney is closed!!!  :(  Please open!!  Lots of rides!  Get your fast passes early!  Especially for the special events!!  Go early!!  Make dinner reservations in advance!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "THANK YOU! \u00a0Thank you to all the chef's that prepared my food (I have celiac) so that I could enjoy my time at Disneyland without getting sick. It was the best trip! 5 star service :-)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Stop it right now. This place is literally magic. Smells like turkey legs which is a hard CON. But still five stars because donald duck in his \u00a0costume during halloween stands alone to earn this park five stars. Everything about it is pretty cool but donald in his \u00a0costume is just a real sight to see. Sometimes I go into the park just to see donald in his \u00a0costume. I take so many pictures of and with him in the \u00a0costume. Should make a scrapbook sometimes. Maybe i'll show him. Hopefully that wouldn't be too weird. Also the princesses are hot. That's obviously good. Princes don't come out on valentines day just in case anyone had plans for that because I know I did...two years in a row. Big disappointment. Fix this. I need this. My family needs this.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland and consider myself a regular. Even though I live in Utah, I've been to the park dozens of times in my 30 some odd years of life. When preparing for my trips, I love watching vlogs, reading articles, and keeping up with the latest with the park.   The thing about Disneyland is it isn't just about the rides...or the cast...or the food...or the magic...it's about all of it! Disneyland isn't a check mark on a bucket list. It is an ever changing experience. It grows with you.   As a kid, I loved the rides. As I had kids, the cast became front and center. Now, I am exploring the food and the attention to detail at every attraction. It's like every trip builds on the previous trip, opening new experiences you couldn't have before.  Timing at the park is tricky. I don't like crowds so finding a time when crowds are tolerable is tough. We came to Disneyland at the end of January and the weather was perfect for us. The crowds in the morning were light and our little family was able to do everything we wanted. But the evening the kids were exhausted which was perfect because the park started to fill up at night.  Disneyland! Love it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "On 2/20/20 at 12:45 pm I was on raft/boat preparing to leave Tom Sawyer Island. Liliana was the cast member in charge of the raft/boat. Her name tag indicated she was from Los Angeles. As we were leaving Tom Sawyer Island and headed \u00a0to the dock. Many people on the raft/boat were screaming that their was a duck between the boat and dock. The passengers were yelling asking Liliana to stop so she wouldn't crush the duck. She refused to stop and crushed the duck's wing. The time at impact was 12:50 pm. The passengers on the raft/boat asked to get off and help the duck who was hurt and beginning to drown. She wouldn't let us help. Cast member Justin on the dock refused to do anything. We watched for several minutes as the duck struggled, tired, suffered, and drowned. After the duck drowned, Justin got a net to take the dead animal out of the water. \u00a0We went to Guest Services and made a report to cast member, Justin from Mission Viejo, and we were basically told nothing would happen. I sent an email to guest services and got a form letter back thanking me for my email. Disney didn't care about killing an animal. I tried to cancel my annual pass not wanting anything and was told if I tried too, I would be in breach of contract and could be sued. So Disney kills an animal and I can be sued? \u00a0I will not renew my annual pass.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Went to Disneyland, both parks on 9/27/18, ran into too many rude employees, from the front gate to ordering an ice cream cone, with the amount the price it cost to be there and not shown respect leaves a sour taste in my mouth. It's titled the happiest place on earth, I don't think so. Also waiting on the tram for over an hour when the park closed at the same time smelling raw sewage, Walt is probably turning in his grave at how slowly the park is going down hill.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wow -\u200d I was not in love with Disney - now I am ! We had a great time ; teenagers, in laws &amp; a married couple got along great &amp; we had the time of our lives laughing &amp; being happy ! Thank you Lauren our tour guide !! PLUS all the smiling, happy staff for impressing my family", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Fantastic time with the boys! I always feel good going to D! Will go again this Fall!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Anyone that says you can't be a kid again has never been to Disneyland. I walked around the entire time with a huge childish grin on my face. I was in nostalgia heaven seeing all my favorite characters from when I was a kid. I also enjoyed all the rides I went on. They were the perfect balance of not very scary but exciting enough an adult wouldn't be bored. My favorite rides were: pirates of the Caribbean, Indiana Jones, Haunted Mansion and everything Star Wars. I LOVED the Star Wars section of the park. Great addition. I got to be a gunner on the millennium falcon! My only complaints was the cantina wasn't the cantina from the original movies. That was a bit disappointing.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland! Magical Kingdom it is.   My boyfriend and I are AP holders and go to Disneyland probably once a week, and each experience had been amazing.   Sure, the ticket prices are ridiculous, and the lines can get long as up to 3 hours at times, walking among large crowds, bumping through hundreds of strollers can be tough, and the food prices aren't cheap. STILL, its a place for friends, family, kids, your significant other, but most importantly its a place to be a kid again!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What an amazing place, this place never \u00a0seizes to amaze me, I have so manny memories from when I was a child myself and now I get to bring my younger \u00a0daughter here so that she can enjoy this beautiful park . My favorite ride here is the pirates of the Caribbean, I love that ride so much, the pirates and all, another favorite ride \u00a0of mine \u00a0is also the haunted house which is so unique, never gets old in my book. As some of you might know , you can pack your own sandwiches and enjoy them at their picnic areas , you save a lot of money doing this instead of \u00a0buying the food here , you can always bring your own bottled water inside the park also. The lines are always long but if you get there towards closing time you can always do some serious damage, I've gotten on many rides in quick succession \u00a0because at the end towards closing time it starts getting cold and people start to leave the park by that time but the park employees never cheat you and always allow you to get on up and until the clock strikes closing time. Always great, this place is magical .", "rating": 5}, {"text": "After working here a number of years I feel so badly for the guests paying over inflated prices.. I think real value should not come from overpriced admission.. \u00a0The price for a family has reached over $500 dollars for getting in..", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hey, it's Disneyland. What else needs to be said. Great place to spend all day eating, riding attractions or just people watching.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Our favorite!! We're down here at least 4-5 times a year. Can't wait for the newest attractions to open!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Definitely the happiest place on earth! Rain or shine, adult or kid, you can always expect to have fun! I do recommend taking your own lunch/or water as it does get a bit pricey but if you have an annual pass you do recieve discounts when buying food and in the stores. \u00a0Toon Town is definitely a must for all the lil kiddos !!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Today was the most terrible day in my life! Today is a very big Holiday \u00a0and me and my friend wanted to relax in Disneyland .So not only did the price rise to $124  . We were advised by cashier to buy tickets at Disney land , then we bought it and it turned out that the space mountain did not work , its the best attraction in DIsney and it doesnt work \u00a0then we went to City Holl and we changed tickets for Disney Adventure . We went there and saw that two attractions were not working - Grizzly river run and Goffys sky school !! So terrible ! Attractions has been forgotten to fix, but the money for the tickets hasnt forgotten to raise ! , Horrible , We will not go to Disney Land anymore , And im not recommend to you guys to come , so horrible service , i spent 250$ for 2 tickets just for terrible day !", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Never coming here again! Rude workers everywhere. Not worth the money at all. Overpriced.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is a very nostalgic and fun park it really has alot of history and attractions that should never be forgotten. I've been going here since a kid and it still has the same feel from when I was younger. Favorite ride would have to be Indiana Jones. \u00a0Really a great ride full of twists and turns.drinks and food are pricey so bring plenty of funds but it is worth the experience.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "A single review cannot do this place justice. \u00a0It is the happiest place on Earth. Granted it is also one of the most crowded as well.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Terrible! 60-90 minute waits. Disney needs to seriously rethink this. Last time I spend $150 a day!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I used to love Disneyland UNTIL they started being assholes:  Apparently you can't dress like any of their characters if you're an adult. While we were talking to the manager about our own issue, a young woman wearing a yellow skirt, royal blue top, and red band in her hair wasn't let in. We advised her to put on a jacket and go through a different turnstyle.  Even if you can prove within all reasonable doubt that yes you should be able to get in, they refuse on a mere technicality. I use my husband's pass to get it (which is totally kosher), but this last time they wouldn't let me in because my name wasn't on the pass. I offered to show them a copy of my marriage certificate to show I was married to the passholder, but they would not let me in.  My pregnant friend was refused service at the Tiki Room Dole Stand. I have yet to find out the details.  What is up!! Is it the economic downturn? What happened to the happiest place on earth?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is so horrible . Have rude workers horrible service . The worker bad mouths me because I brought a stroller in the line and so I decided to leave and they didn't want to refund my tickets after I told them what happened . They didn't do anything about the employee or my tickets .", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What's makes this place so happy To be coined the Happiest Place on Earth,  And how many rides must you go on To make sure you get your money's worth.   Before I answer of all your questions  Let's take a little trip down memory lane,  The magic all began on July 17, 1955 Pure imagination from Walt Disney's brain.   With Adventureland, Frontierland, Fantasyland  Tomorrowland &amp; Main Street USA being the first,  Be cautious stepping foot into New Orleans Square  Some say the Haunted Mansion might be cursed.   Well now that I see you've made it this far Make sure to ride Splash Mountain in Critter Country,  You better go visit Mickey's house in Toon Town  Lastly to Galaxy's Edge to meet a storm trooper sentry.   If these 9 lands above don't answer question number 1 I'm sorry, but I just don't know what to say,  As far as how many rides must you go on to be worth it  It's truly up to you and how well you plan your day.   --------------------------------------------------  Whatever you choose to do while you are here, make sure you make the best of it.   Be patient, have fun and just take it all in.   Disneyland Park is truly a place for everyone where all can come to be a kid or relive what being a kid is all about.   Disneyland is 100% Where Dreams Come True!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Terrible experience.... long waits over 60 minutes for all rides even the terrible rides.... no single riders on any rides.... construction narrowed walkways which became dangerous to maneuver. $35 preferred parking that does not exist. Really I could go on and on, but I will stop here!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Where do you even begin when writing a review for a place like Disneyland? It really is one of the happiest places on earth - so joy, excitement, and creativity is housed in this Southern California amusement park. And while it is the happiest place on earth, I think certain things can either enhance or take away from that experience.  My sister and I came on July 1st (Sunday). I was expecting crowds of people and for the park to be overly busy as it was the middle of summer AND a weekend. We decided to start in California Adventures and to our surprise, the first ride we went on (The Incredicoaster) had a 20 minutes wait. We waited in a few more short lines in this park and then decided to hop over to Disneyland. To our surprise, the lines were short there too. We basically walked on to the Pirates of the Caribbean, Indiana Jones, and Haunted Mansion. The majority of our day was spent talking about how perplexed we were by the lack of the wait - but we weren't upset about it. Our hypothesis was that pass holders with the summer blocked out were the cause for the spacious feeling in the park that day. All that to say, I don't think this is the \"norm\" for Disneyland. Maybe you'll get lucky like we did, but almost all of my other experiences here included around an hour wait (at least) for each ride.  When you think about Disneyland, I am sure you are flooded with all sorts of thoughts about the rides you love: Space Mountain, Thunder Mountain, Splash Mountain, Indiana Jones, Pirates of The Caribbean, etc. But how about those other sweet little details that seem to fly under the radar? Tarzan's Tree House, Tom Sawyer Island, the street band playing the New Orleans section of the park, Pineapple Whip, Peter Pan's Flight, the Tea Cups ride, the Buzz Lightyear Astro Blaster ride and the fact that you can go on a canoe ride (where you are apart of the rowing action)!  Brace yourself for a long, tiring and joy-filled day! By the time 3 o'clock rolled around I was in serious need of a nap or some caffeine. Luckily, you will find a few coffee shops (Starbucks included) in Disneyland. Also, with all of the walking you do, expect to need to fuel up. Food prices are above average (as they are at any amusement park). If you are looking to save a little change in this department, my recommendation would be to have breakfast in the morning before you arrive, eat lunch here and then have dinner outside the park again. Food is not a bank-breaker here, but if you ate all 3 meals in one day here, it very easily could be.  Now on to the price of coming here, it's no secret that this is a pricy trip, but there are a few things you can do to cut down the cost. Go with a season pass holder, they are often able to buy your ticket at a discounted rate, purchase a multiple day hopper pass (especially if you are coming in from out of town), and looking for Disneyland specials!  All in all - this is a dreamy experience and absolutely worth every penny (especially if you've never been here before)! Aim to visit during a less busy time of the year and enjoy as many of their attractions as you can. Also, the Pineapple Whip, you must try it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "From the rides to the food and vibe, this is the place to be for a wonderful happy day. It's fun for all ages and is enjoyable to go to at any time to see the all the shows.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Their fast pass system sucks. \u00a0Let's the fast pass line go thru while the reg line is stopped for 30 mins. \u00a0That pretty much is BS. \u00a0I would understand if 10 fast pass and 5 reg line but to hv the reg line totally stopped??? \u00a0And it's the same price!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Walking around today on the 4th of July made me realize how greedy Disney is to collect money from annual pass and day pass sardines and not having enough standing room to watch the fireworks without an usher moving you along. FU Disney! I'm done with you we've had annual passes for many years now but mostly to enjoy those special holidays and now it just seems so watered down and super packed that you can't even enjoy the basic things you go to Disneyland for. My kids dread going if there isn't a special event going on but wanted to go today for the fireworks. The whole experience was ruined by how overcrowded it was we were too late to save a seat and by late I mean 4 hrs late because we didn't have someone save our seats since 530pm and dont even think about standing room we thought we had a nice spot right at 930 pm then the ushers rushed to get everyone out of there so we basically had to walk around the park watching fireworks some spots we'd get a great view and others just a reflection and we'd stop for a peak but the ushers were like hawks rushing you out again. Unless you are one of those Disney homers that just cant grow out of their childhood I would NOT recommend getting an annual pass to the \"Happiest place on earth\" because it's really the \"Most miserable place on earth\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "my actual favorite place on earth!!!! there is truly nothing that compares to the happiness and overall good vibes i get when i'm at disneyland. there is so much detail in everything from the incredible food to the rides to the fireworks. going to disneyland is always a guaranteed good time and i really think everyone needs to come here at least once in their life!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Very disspointed to find out black out dates subject to change with out notice early June I checked black out dates and June 18th good to go all of a sudden today black out now try telling that to crying kids a family day with grandparents ruined and all cast members said was up grade pass $560 more they don't sell black out day tickets, so every one check black out days daily so this does not happen to you and your family", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Oh Disneyland!!! Probably one of my favorite places in the world! The only thing that sucks sometimes is the crowd. When it's busy I would highly recommend getting a fast pass or even the max pass if you are there all day. The max pass lets you get fast passes straight from your phone which saves you time walking to each place getting one. It also lets you see what fast passes are available. The max pass also lets you download any photos that you take at the park. If you are hungry I would recommend getting the corn dog it is big and it's probably one of the best corn dogs I have ever had.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "High crime rate in Anaheim incredibly dangerous alot of shootings killings and protests \u00a0becareful  <a href=\"/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Fm.facebook.com%2Fstory.php%3Fstory_fbid%3D10154037446818010%26id%3D5863113009&amp;s=199b28d47003f87341205ac9be454853c283479b065a6b6247936ec49acd11ad\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">m.facebook.com/story.php\u2026</a>", "rating": 1}, {"text": "But of course Disneyland is the most magical place on earth. Disneyland is a bucket list that I set for my kids. I've got to get them to this PARK before the age of five. I live&amp; Disney I grew up on Disney. My kids are all Disneyfied. So I feel... five years old is the perfect age to first experience some real WALT!!! And the ITS A SMALL WORLD \u00a0exhibit is my favorite!! And it's been my favorite my whole life... so it's always such an AHHHhhhh moment as I shed a couple tears as we exit the small world. The rides are so much fun for that age... Disney tune town is astronomical. There are so many Things to do for all ages. Everyone complains about the price. But it's Disney and guess what if the tickets were $500 Id still make it a point to get my kids to this place!   PS... our family tradition... we all stop by the mad Hatter and have our MICKEY or Minnie \u00a0 engraved with our names: dating back to when this park first opened", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Too much greed in this \"so called happy place\" this place just Robs and steals from people! This stupid ass place needs to be closed. Can't believe how people fall for their so called magic! Magic pricing where nothing is under $25 for your children how fun is that wasting thousands of dollars and years of saving just to spend it at this crap place where it's crowded and long hours of wait just to get on a stupid 2 min ride? Really? \u00a0I really hope one day this place get closed forever. Its really not a fun magic place, just a waste on money to keep this place open. CRAP! CRAP! CRAP!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is a great place to hangout on the weekend and enjoy some prime people watching. Lots of food places around which brings in a couple mice and sometimes they bring their friends.   I ran into this cranky lady that asked if I had a puppy and if I minded selling my dog. She's really odd, something about a fur coat.   There is this little lady with wings that kept asking me if I wanted to fly. I think she was rubbing it in that she has wings.   Some guy with a breathing problem kept harassing me in Tomorrowland. Said he was from a galaxy far far away. BIG DEAL. He seemed shady. I'd be on alert if you happen to see him.  All in all great experience I'd go back again. Some strange characters in that part of town.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "During a trip here to Disneyland I lost a 14k gold hawaiian bracelet some how between taking on and off gloves and jackets while freezing to eating, and watching the firework show! When getting home at 11pm (12am is when the parked closed) I realized that my bracelet was gone, my husband and brother went back to the park and put in a claim at the lost and found, I was devastated! Within less then 24hours we returned to the park and they had found it! It was amazing how honest and trustworthy the cast members are here at Disneyland!! Thank you so much cast member who ever you are I truly appreciate it and you definitely will be seeing me again!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disappointing experience! I went to Disney for the first time in over ten years and was shocked at the poor customer service I was given. I was having problems with the tickets printed out and spoke to 3 different employees trying to get help and they all were anything but helpful! My two tickets weren't scanning through even though they were valid and one employee told me \"this can happens and life isn't always fair\". I then went to two other employees where they said they couldn't do anything and I asked for help and they say \"you just have to buy more tickets\". Why should I have to buy MORE tickets? I was very excited to go to Disney after so long and they truly disappointed me, ruined my morning and made me not believe in this business of helping customers have a magical day. My friends and I could not have been more upset by this negative service and disappointing day, especially after how excited we were to visit this place after so long. Disney really needs to work on the level of service both in and outside the parks!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Worst New Years of my life!  Way overcrowded, it was obvious the park was more interested in getting people's admission money than providing a safe or fun experience. \u00a0Fast pass was shut down, and lines for rides were measured in hours. \u00a0Even lines for food were 30 minutes, and food portions smaller than usual as well (chowder and gumbo were an insults)  All the benches were removed to the central square and no one was allowed to stop on sidewalk or sit on back or side of benches, so what you had was a single person with 5 bags taking up a full bench, while 20 people had to sit on the ground in front of it, or keep moving around it in circles since stopping was not allowed. \u00a0Even those seated were routinely ordered to \"get up and move forward\" \u00a0They also enforced the \"no sitting unless you are eating here\" rule at the cafes, and to add insult to injury would not allow patrons to sit at tables after the vendor/restaurant closed.  The old days of fun loving and amiable staff who focused on the customer experience and preserving the Disney ideals, have been replaced by bitter and impersonal drones the TSA wouldn't even hire.   Their 'MC' and 'DJ' were so annoying I put my headphones on... not sure where you found these people, but send them back to doing . \u00a0I know it's for the kids, and I'm not expecting a famous DJ, but shell out some money for someone who knows what they are doing. \u00a0Or better yet, just play Disney songs all night!  Never mind the fact that there were no fireworks, but the fact that there was no consolation prize, no apologies, and absolutely no fault excepted by Disney is a joke. \u00a0You advertise rides, shows, family experience, and a fireworks show. \u00a0You delivered NOTHING.  To top it off it was obvious Disney lost control of the situation at the end of the night. \u00a0I've been to raves, 3rd world riots, and feel at home in mosh pits. \u00a0But I can honestly admit I was scared to be in that crowd at the end of the night, there was literally not enough room to breath and everyone was forced to move with the crowd or be trampled. It was amazing no one was hurt, but I will never put myself in that kind of situation again.  Shame on you Disney, you killed the dream to line your pockets", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Horrible experience over the phone. My card was compromised so the bank cancelled the card on file used for our annual pass payments. We called in to put the new card on file. The first person we spoke with said they need to transfer us to another department. Ok not a big deal. The next person we spoke with was helpful at first and then because the card name was under my name and not my husband's name stated that she couldn't accept payment due to the wrong name being on the card, she further chastised us and informed us that we were in breach of our contract!! I am an attorney and technically Disney was in breach of the contract as they took my card got payment even though both of our passes were under my husband's name. The \"cast member\" was terse, unfriendly, uncaring and worse than a DMV worker. We asked if we could give a card with my husband's name on it, she said, \"No, your contracts are going to be terminated....\" At that time I asked to speak to a supervisor. A \"team lead\" got on phone and said that she couldn't help us....ahhhh, why have a supervisor then? She asked if she could transfer us back to another billing specialist, already upset I said that was fine. Then we get miss personality (sarcasm). This girl sounded as if she was sleeping however she was way more helpful than the prior person. All of that to put a card on file!!!!  I have never had this much trouble trying to give someone money. .......NOT A MAGICAL MOMENT", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Not the Disney I love and respect. Made a dining reservation at Blue Bayou that included a fast pass to Mickeys Halloween Party, but not the ticket to the Halloween Party??? Wouldn't mind purchasing one, though i can't understand why it would not be part of the package, but none are available????WHAT???? Now a couple of disappointed grandchildren and NO HELP FROM CUSTOMER SERVICE , DINING,or TICKET SALES!!! Not the Disney I love and respect, not at all.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "You better bring your good walking shoes. Loved seeing the faces on my kids at every show we got to go to.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is so much more than just an amusement park. It is a wealth of magic that transcends age, language, and time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Update your concessions Provide heathier choices for families! And for what each ticket price costs get your security together! After that fight a few days ago i would be hesitant to bring our family back! There is absolutely no reason that your own patrons should have been the ones to subdue that violent man! Also the fact that your pr team hasn't come forward to express concern for every child who was close to and had witnessed the attack on mother's is unforgivable! It feels like you just want it to go away?  Escorting crazed people out of the park after violence is just 5 percent of what you should do as a multi million dollar business It's shameful", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My rating is based on the parks lack of security. \u00a0We walked into the park and there was zero security screening other then casual looking into my wife and daughters purse. \u00a0 In wake of what has happened in Paris, one would think they would at least have metal detectors or at the least a wand to wand you or a consensual pat search. \u00a0 My wife and daughter walked into the park with both a Taser and Pepper spray in their pockets. \u00a0I could have walked in with any kind of weapon, as they did not even search myself or my son at all throughout the 3 days we were there. \u00a0I voiced my concerns at the screening area to no avail and was told to go talk to the customer service folks. \u00a0I went there and tried explaining my concerns to a young lady, and she genuinely seemed to not care as I offered to give my contact information and she did not seem to want to take it. \u00a0   On one of the days I ran into a peace officer at the gate and he also mentioned the lack of security. \u00a0  Disney folks, I hope you get your situation in order so that something tragic does not happen.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have the Disney signature year pas and I'm honestly so in love with with Disney it feels like I can be a kid all over again. I'm so happy to be able to bring my son here every weekend and see him grow with the experience Disney provides.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Such a family-friendly place to go with your kids and all however I think the food there is really pricey but since it's very famous park of course I think it's a little bit pricey though but it's super fun it's really really big and there are so many attractions that your kids can go on the sweet treats are my favorite part", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The amount of people in the park makes it a one star experience. I don't feel happy at all in the happiest place on earth. I don't know if I want to renew my pass next year.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I visited Disneyland with a group of 6 on 4/27, 4/28, 4/30. Two of the people in my group have never been to Disneyland before. I dont know where to begin to describe how amazing our visit was. First off, I will admit that I am obsessed with Disney, and would visit all the time if I could. We started our visit when we arrived in Anaheim. We had dinner in downtown disney. We ate at Tortilla Jos. Tortilla Jos has amazing food, and an amazing atmosphere. We loved it. All of us loved Downtown disney. We did purchase maxpass which was a LIFESAVER for fast passes. In addition to the app it creates a seamless navigation experience. Not to mention photo diwnloads! My only issue is that on 4/28 disney channel was is california adventure. And unfortunately we decided to sleep in that day. We purchased max pass, and entered california adventure, around 12pm, and saw that almost all of the fastpasses were taken for the day. I advise using maxpass if you arrive at park open on a busy day. Our day was made better by a certain cast lead in New orleans square, who gave us dining package seating for Fantasmic because the previous nights show was cancelled. She helped make our trip magical! As it turns out, that was the only night Fantasmic was shown. My heart goes out to this company, who helps make anything possible! We were able to see World of color on the last night. It was amazing. The fireworks show was spectacular as well. We had such an amazing trip. I am planning on visiting again very soon! 11/10 service. The only thing we had trouble with was locating Donald Duck clothing. We had no luck finding any clothing with just Donald. He was our groups favorite character, and when we approached a cast member, we were told that the park hardly ever showcases him. Which left us really bummed out. But other than that, our visit was amazing. In Summary, Food and service are outstanding as always. Night spectacular shows are a must see. Maxpass is totally worth it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Sadly I had to put one star because I wasn't aloud to put none. The whole experience was horrible! everything was unorganized and the workers kept getting confused with putting us into lines and it was just horrible. The fantasmic show was bad as well because we thought we can just go and wait like we used to be before but now you have to get a fastpass, what in the world makes this better ? so many people want to watch the show and cant because you need a fastpass. As well as the rides, so many were closed and there was basically no point of even going to Disneyland because of that! And some staff had attitude with us and were just being rude, isn't this supposed to be the happiest place on earth? we couldn't even enjoy our favorite show World of color because of the lake being drained, so there was no point to that. Even the castle, with the fireworks show, dumbo is supposed to come out and actually be a real SHOW and not just plain fireworks. Is Disneyland losing its magic? YYEESSS. We even had family from another country coming with us to Disneyland and it was their first time and they couldn't experience the true \" magic\".", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I went here on Turkey day and really loved it and wen I go there it really brings the kid out if me .", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Going to Disneyland for 10 years now, at the beginning every year but today was the last time we went as the prices have gone CRAZY and the exchange is BAD. I must say Disneyland is changing not to the good but to the worse. I dont care if they build a star wars ride - you are going to wait for that ride probably 1-2 hours from day 1 like you wait for all rides. Too many people are flooding that park especially people that cannot walk because they are too fat!  We went today and despite of a rainy and stormy day the park was crowded. Space mountain waiting time: 50 min.  So what has changed? Why is it different? The facts - that you have to eat their bad quality and overpriced food and drink the horrible Coke purified water (Dasani shit water, the worst water on this planet!) - there is no other brand who serves beverages? Does Coke own Disneyland? What kind of deal have they made with the worst company of this planet? - that you cannot find eg an herbal tea in the whole place or a food product of good value. You find greasy, sweet and over prized food, probably all GMO. Cooked with bad vibes. Served by people who just do their job and today a lot of the staff looked miserable and I am sure 80% hate their job. - that you cannot find any organic product anywhere in that park. - that you have to wait for hours for a ride that takes minutes; is that fun to be in long lines? Is it fun to pay $100 to wait for hours for a ride? I don't think so. - that parking is now $18. - that entry fee is now $198 for 2 people regular day pass.It's entering the edge of FRAUD. - that you cannot get any discounts anymore. - that you basically are ripped off. - that they sell you happiness for products made in China (1 mickey cup is $17 and it costs in China? let's say 50 cents). - that they started also to wand the body to check for? what the heck are they actually looking for? belts with dynamite? - that they not only check your bags, they make you go to a detector as on airports. - that they close down rides as they like because of refurbishment or construction and you never get a discount or exchange for that. - that everyone puts up with what management decides is good. - that greediness has a new name: Disneyland. - that it is a money orientated business like any other corporate American business who does not care about the individual anymore. Disneyland is dead. It has lost the spirit. It is a commercial place and is glorified to something that does not exist anymore. Good-bye Walt Disney. Your name had been abused for a handful shabby dollars. It is NOT the happiest place anymore. It is NOT a fun place anymore. It is NOT a happy experience anymore. IT IS OVER.  I am not supporting this park anymore. It has become a rip off and should be changed. Just close the gates when it is FULL!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can I say that you haven't heard before? \u00a0I am an annual pass holder. \u00a0I love Disneyland! \u00a0My 24 year old daughter and I have dressed up like characters before and have had many compliments. \u00a0  We have brought food for picnic and have eaten at several of the restaurants.   We are Disney fans all the way.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Breh kid you not, this park has an exceptional worker name Jonathan. He works super hard at his job and continues to excel my experience here everytime I see him. Kid you not I love this guy because his enthusiasm for this park is crazy and he likes to make the kids that come here have a fun experience as well. Not going to lie but DISNEYLAND should really be grateful to have a worker like him. He takes exceptional photos like I have not seen before. Love this guy and GIVE THIS MAN A RAISE   -loyal customer since '01", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If I could leave 0 stars I would!  It's NOT because of the park itself that I am leaving this comment but because of the PEOPLE WHO WORK THERE!  first off, I just went there on 12/29/18 to take my son on his 1st trip to Disneyland! Top it off I hadn't been to Disneyland myself in about 30 years either so I was pretty excited myself.  We get there and I had to go to guest relations to pick up an 'handicap'pass for myself (2 weeks ago, I injured my lower back AND I brought with me to the park my dr's documentation to verify just in case) The guest relations employees were super nice and super helpful and explained to me everything in great detail and actually told me that I did not have to go back to them at all throughout my day because this red tag that they placed on my stroller is the same thing as a \"wheel chair\" pass  The employee also gave me a map with some circled rides which were the more popular rides that I would have to get a return time for but the rides that were not so good we're considered wheelchair accessible - meaning that I do not need a return time and I just walk straight through to the wheelchair line and go straight on the ride!  So everything was fine I went on Indiana Jones the hunted mansion and so on no problem at all but as soon as I got to tune town and the rest of the park the employees at the right not only were totally UNPROFESSIONAL! They gave me a nasty attitude in front of my children, they made me believe that they thought I was somehow faking my injury! One of them I believe for her name was Alyssa she worked at the small world ride I told her I am very confused because guest relations Thome the circle right I would have to get a return time for and all the others I would just walk through because this is my will chair.  And she said to me yes this ride is wheelchair accessible so you can just stand in line with the rest the people because not fair to people who have been standing in line! And I replied to her I understand that but this is my will chair I have an injury and they're not handicap like I am so that's the reason why I have my handicap pass I cannot stand in line I cannot stand up for very long periods of time I actually have my doctors know I could even show you!  And her reply to me was I don't care to see your doctors note the most that you can do is stay over here wait on the bench and have your party call you when they're up in the line I was infuriated!!!!!!  When I went to tomorrowland I came across a guest relations employee that was standing there and I explain to her what was going on and she told me that is not right I was actually correct with the information that I had she was not she was apologetic about it but I did not have a good time at Disneyland total waste of money I want my refund to top it off I've been trying to find a phone number that I can contact guest relations with so I can complain to them and can you believe it's that hard to even find a telephone number to contact them! Funny!!!  I felt like telling that lady so are you trying to tell me that if I had a child I had cerebral palsy but he look completely normal we aren't going to have to send a line as the rest of the people because he looks normal oh mind you I didn't tell you guys the best part all the other people who were an actual wheelchairs I see them all go up to the front of the lines but me!!!!!!!!! If anyone on here knows a telephone number that I can call guest services please pass it forward to me...... Sorry if my comment kind of doesn't make sense it's just that I was doing the voice to talk...... Oh I left out one more thing don't even go ask one of the employees a question or wanting to take a picture with the balloons you know how you can hold the balloons and take a picture I literally heard two employees talking about me and one of them rolling their eyes before I even got to ask them just because I had my camera in my hand I heard him say when you turn around be careful cause a customer's gonna ask you take a picture I seen the guy rolled his eyes like \"oh god\"  Disney land really need to reevaluate their employees and get rid of whoever doesn't want to work there and whoever hates their job!!!! It's like come on people you're working at the happiest place on earth at least pretend to be happy!!!!!!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The one star is for Disney's inability to effectively manage parking. Several times it has taken over an hour to get into the park. Today is race day and Disney has once again screwed it up. We simply wanted to go to the mall and are forced to park in the parking structure rather than downtown. \u00a0Come on Disney...bad form!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I understand the great reviews on Disney... I mean, we've been brain washed our whole lives! With \"you won the Super Bowl - where are you going? I'm going to Disneyland!\" And more...  Well, I hadn't been in a few years... and I must say that the cost is NOT worth it. They are already charging over $70 for one park, for one day -- and then they have this FAST PASS crap! It's ridiculous! A game to play to wait longer because others know how it works.  Just have everyone wait the SAME!  The park may be all the things other people wrote - but Disney is being exorbitant!!!  So not worth the money. I'd recommend any other amusement park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland always so good to me and my family i can't wait for the new rides to come out at Disneyland adventure", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I call Disneyland information to ask a question about something in the park and after being transferred 2 times I got hung up and never got my question answered very bad service", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great place to take the kids and have a family day. My nephews love it. The food is great as well. It's just always a great experience!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The guy who rung me up was super nice (sorry didnt get his name). The treats are super cute, I cant wait to give them to my fur babies.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Trash security. Frisking every time for a stupid belt. Takes 10 minutes and is downright unnecessary. Thanks for keeping the park safe from my pants being too loose.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family and I really love and enjoy Disneyland. This review is based on our last experience at the happiest place on Earth. Diamond Days at Disneyland has cast members on edge. So be prepared for some rude employees.   I went to Disneyland on 1/4/2016 thinking it was going to be an easy day, well it started off \u00a0that way. Entered the parking structure, no problems drove right to the booth and was in in less than five minutes. Trams where empty, no lines. I couldn't believe how empty it was. The lines to get into Disneyland where non-existent. That is were the nice easy day ended.   While we were walking down main street a cast member guiding pedestrian traffic grabbed, by one side only, the stroller that my five year old daughter was riding and \u00a0tossed it onto the sidewalk knocking it and my daughter over. He never stopped to help and didn't apologize. My daughter was crying and yelling. The thing that really irks me is that there was no reason to even have touched my stroller to begin with, there was at least six between us and the entertainment.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't love this place?  I can't imagine not having the best time. I feel they're always so on top of things to keep guests happy. Being an annual passholder is great for the discounts and makes it convenient to meet up with friends for shorter trips.  The Corn Dog Cart is amazing and probably my favorite food while visiting. Better value and flavor compared to most restaurants there.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The teacups are one our kids luv but I can't stand. Always makes me dizzy and want to puke. Other than that most of the rides are pretty good. \u00a0I can do without that one.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I grew up coming to Disneyland and now I have season passes and bring my own kids. I am always amazed at Disney's customer service. They do the best job of making you feel like you really are at the Happiest Place on Earth. I love their efficiency with wait times and I'm a huge fan of the Fast Pass. I especially love that you can download the app and check wait times on your phone.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "You should be able to walk to the parking structure! \u00a0It's very convoluted to get there on foot. \u00a0They closed the regular pathway! \u00a0Prisoner once again! \u00a0The security should move back to the front gate. \u00a0AND EVERYONE IS STILL SAVING SPACES WITH BIG BLANKETS FOR THE PARADE!!! \u00a0The stroller parking is out of hand, they create a huge blockade all over the park. \u00a0They should limit one stroller per family.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The only reason I'm riding today and the only reason they got one star that's because there is a huge and I mean huge problem with security in this facility my brother's been threatened with a knife I'm handicapped newest written on a motor vehicle to get around on my sister long was red in her son had to step in to protect her and my little four-year-old nephews what the hell is wrong with these people what the hell is wrong with Disney that they can't Supply more security more people run this park my God you're a multi-billion-dollar company volts idea was there to have a good time to see it through your family's eyes and through your eyes as a child you leave it at home you don't bring it in you need to do something people are going to get killed in this place but other idiots that can't live with others I've already started grassroot campaign I'm going after everybody I'm handicapped and I'm not going to stand for this crap next time I go I'm bringing my a fighter jet! Look out Disney cuz here I come you got one Big Pissed OFF Bear Here with friends in high places that I've never asked for a favor but guess who I'm asking now good luck you're going to need it....", "rating": 1}, {"text": "A trip we always look forward to; well not so sure about my husband, but definitely for me it's always a good ole time. Cotton candy, turkey leg, and the corn is just a few reasons why we go back. Hawaii loves Disneyland!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Great park but food and other services seem to be losing quality.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Shame on you, \u00a0Disneyland. Called earlier today regarding water waste in women's room at Downtown Disney behind Lego Land. (Been going ALL DAY) \u00a0Several hours later water STILL RUNNING.  FYI California is in a drought.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ok confession time, I have not been to Disneyland since 2001. I know almost 20 years! I know unbelievable right? \u00a0  Well the time came, and I was at the Happy Place on Earth sans my family, that's right I went without the kids and grand kids and I had a blast!  Things have changed since the last time I was there, before you used to be able to park new the front gate, now you have to park at a parking lot far far away and take a bus to get you to the park.   I was there in time for the 50th anniversary of the Haunted Mansion, so had to go check them out. Also used the fast pass for basically all the rides and honestly, I think that's the best way to check out Disneyland if on a time crunch, the only real lines I waited in was for space mountain and the haunted mansion.  Spent about 8 hours at both parks and walked away with the biggest smile, I literally had the time of the life, so much fun and laughter happened that day. I won't let another 19 years go back before I am back again!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is the best ever ! The lines just suck but overall you will feel like a kid again", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Are you really on here reading reviews about Disneyland!? Get on here! Quit screwing around...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We get the fast pass, which is so convenient. With that pass, you can reserve your spots on rides through the app in your phone. All you have to do is set it up and show up to the ride during the time provided. There are a ton of picture worthy, delicious food or snacks around this park. You must try the Dolce pineapple drink at the Moana stand!   Keep in mind that it does get really crowded with little screaming kids. Regardless, I cannot express how much I love this amusement park. I grew up going to Disneyland and watching everything Disney. My goal is to check out every single Disneyland Park in the world.  Fun fact: My fianc\u00e9 and I were annual pass holders for a few years. This year, he proposed to me during the parade in Disneyland Tokyo. Such a magical experience! Next year, we will be going to Disneyland Paris...so exciting!   Ps. You will never be too old for Disneyland. After all, it is the happiest place on Earth!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I've came to Disneyland every summer for the past five years and it's a lot of fun! Last year on the 4th of July they had scammed people for their money due to the firework show. They made people stand behind trees to where nothing could be seen so we talked to the manager and we got free passes for this year. My favorite thing in the park is the dole whip but the rides are fun and safe too! Make sure you have a lot of money because the food is EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE and the souvenir shops !!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My second time here and it really sucks. I'm pretty sure it's fun and all for children, but the staff is terrible. They should reconsider hiring new employees that have the decency to smile and be kind to the people who are paying almost 100 bucks for a damn ticket.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Expensive for the amount of rides you can go on. Its located in a bad area too. So many homeless outside. Disappointing.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We were honored to be invited to the private Candlelight Ceremony at Disney for the holidays.  Everything from the beginning until the end was top notch.   The ceremony provided us with valet parking at the Grand Californian, 5th row seats near the stage and park hopper passes.  The ceremony itself was amazing. The choir did a beautiful job and the lights were breathtaking.   It was a wonderful experience and I'm grateful that we were able to experience it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Went to Disneyland with my kids on 8/12 and had the worst experience. \u00a0My 2.5yr old daughter adores Minnie so we took her to Disney for her first time and during our visit with Minnie at Minnie's house we had a shocking thing happen. I'm writing this so that if anyone else has experienced this....please report it. So we were next in line to have pictures taken with Minnie. The family before us was up and i saw Minnie give the child a hug and shake her hand. So when we went up, my daughter was afraid of the life size Minnie. She didn't want to get near Minnie so we posed standing next to Minnie me on one side, my husband holding my daughter on the other side. So i reach to touch Minnie's nose telling my daughter Look its ok, Minnie is nice when all of a sudden Minnie forcefully grabs my arm with both hands and squeezes and throws my arm down. It was frightening to have Minnie grab me in a forceful manner. I didn't understand why she did it. It was one friendly touch to the nose as i told my daughter that she was nice. Minnie's behavior to me as a guest was wrong. My husband even saw it and asked me wth.... A cast member should never put their hands on any guest!! I called a filed a complaint and they apologized for the incident and offered to send me minnie mouse's signature on a picture....really? Do u think i want a signature from the very character that put their hands on me in a forceful manner. \u00a0 NO WAY!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What more can you say about the happiest place on Earth. \u00a0However always go early since it gets crowded even in the early mornings. \u00a0Always bring more than enough cash to enjoy the food and gifts you can buy for your love ones. \u00a0Also don't forget the sunscreen!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Crowded and too expensive. Family of 4. We were visiting for the first time and for a day we paid over 700 for a day just for the tickets. Parking is $30 and the crowds were insane. We noticed a lot of season pass holders in the park which caused the crowds making our expensive day frustrating. Spending on an average of 45 minutes on rides did not make it the happiest place on earth. More like Hell. We spoke to people in line, since we had a lot of time waiting and they also were talking about the crowds and the local pass holders causing lines. After looking at their stupid monthly pass payment plans we realized that disney only cares about $$ and not the experience anymore. We will return to the park in the future but instead of our 1-2 times per year we will be 1-2 times every 5 years if that. The family has more fun at other parks which are more affordable and less crowds. Walt is turning over in his grave with how bad the park has lost its Disneyland dream... more starwars and marvel than Disney. Also they need to change the name of the CA adventure. There is nothing about the park that is california. Soaring in world not California and the park is more disney studios than California. Very sad. Bye for now Disney. See you in 4-5 years. Maybe.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "One hour just to get in. 45 minutes for security and another 15 at the gate. This is how they treat their guests. And that's after charging a family of 4 $4,000 for annual passes.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I live two blocks away from disney and let me tell you that this place is perfect for kids and those adults who want to experience the magic of disney!! One word of advice is to plan your day activities thoroughly including a place to eat outside of the park because it's not worth paying 12 bucks for a 2$ burger that's small and not filling so trust me you will want to eat outside like at a dennys that's a block away or mcdonalds across the street!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If one of your family members has been treated for cancer while you're an annual pass holder and as a result of that, you're unable to complete your contract because, you know, you're dealing with a life threatening illness, don't plan on coming back as an annual pass holder until you pay Disney every penny you owe them.   I was told that since my visits prior to the diagnosis exceeded the cost of our pass, I would be blocked access until I paid what I owed. A supervisor even casually explained to me that \"Disney has their policies and they are entitled to get their money.\"  Any attempt for me to access the park would be blocked until I paid my balance. Keep in mind, I offered to make a half payment or some other reduction, but that was refused, it must be paid in full. It doesn't really matter that this was in 2015, either.   Look out! It's a HUGE business first that conceals their motivation behind what they do because they produce and promote \"family oriented \" content. Well, now that my family has recovered, we will make sure to let everyone who asks why Disney REALLY raises prices every year and makes sure that even if you don't visit anymore, they still get paid.   Oh yeah, at the end of my call, this guy wished me a \"magical day.\" What a joke.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place staff is absolutely the worse. Took my daughter here for her bday and it's been horrible. She turned 7 and it's been birthday from HELL. Never again will we ever go. The staff is just down right rude to a 7seven year old. I am beyond disgusted with how everything has been since the minute we walked in!! Never again will be go or recommend a Disney land.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great place fun and colorful,Most happiest place in the whole world,Kids,Fun party,very impressive place and heaven on the earth", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I don't know what in the world is going on with the disney employees!  My cousin visited us from a different country and one of the places he wanted to go to was Disneyland.  First to start of!  This is a race situation!  I've never felt so disrespected here! I have 4 annual signature plus passes. And honestly I regret even getting them. We were walking towards the bag check security. We were in line. And I guess we were standing on the wrong place.  This man, screams go back to the end of the line.  So we do as he says.  Next thing you know a white family of four does the exact same thing and he lets them in.  Mmm hello?! No! So I we called him out on that.... he completely ignored us. After going into Disneyland a man went up to my cousin (who is visiting and speaks very poor English) and started asking him questions.  You know the questions survey. And I told him I'll translate my cousin speaks no English.  He gave him the ugliest look! And asked is he from Mexico? He paused and said never mind and went on to a different person.  Hello?! I can translate! Why does it matter if he's from Mexico or not?  We left!  I was wearing an old navy shirt.  A janitor... then goes up to me and says you've never served the navy or been in the army! You shouldn't be wearing that!  Okay?!  I ignored his stupid comment!  Walked away!  The last part truly irritated me!  I work in customer service! I know customers can drive you crazy! But if they're nice! There's absolutely no reason as to why you should be rude! Elliot! Yes Elliot!!! If you don't like your job why work there?  Get your butt up and help a customer!  My cousin was looking at keychains.  And asked him for the price for them.  He was so rude! Knowing my cousin spoke no English and Elliot did speak Spanish he said look at wall and look at the color! My cousin didn't understand! He then said yes! Look for it! Instead of walking and point or showing us.  My husband had to walk towards him and that's when he decided to explain how it worked.  He then started laughing with his co worker while looking at my cousin! Sorry Elliot! But you don't have the best English! For you to be acting this way! And yes I will contact Disneyland directly! My cousin paid and was having trouble counting his money. Eliot did not help!!! It was very frustrating to see! This store is next to the fire department next to the restrooms. Right when you walk into Disneyland! Very rude!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always a magical day at Disneyland and California Adventure. \u00a0We also love Bibbity bobbity boutique.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "not the happiest place on earth...way too crowded and overpriced especially now they raised there prices again..greedy", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Add up broken rides galore, just a couple Disney villains out at Halloween time who were not willing to take pictures with you, plus RUDE \"cast members\" and disgusting tables to eat at in Tommorowland and what do you get? A $160 RIPOFFFFFF!!! Our one day park hopper passes were $160 each and did we get suckered!! Seriously the Haunted Mansion had technical problems when we arrived at opening time. At Halloween really????? \u00a0That \u00a0got resolved quickly. Then we went to Pirates of Caribbean, and that was broken!! Told us to come back \"in an hour\". Headed to California Adventure and the California Screamin' roller coaster was broken!! Seriously!!! We headed over to the Giant Wheel, waited in line for 45 minutes, then we were told they had to \"clear the line\" because the ride was broken!!! There were many cars with people still in them, the poor saps. But us poor saps on the ground were told to exit the line and they didn't do a goddamn thing for us like give us a fast pass or anything!! Just a waste of time! Then the roller coaster started again only to break again, and to make matters worse, Ariels Little Mermaid ride was broken down for quite some time in the afternoon. Makes you wonder about the maintenance of these rides! We can only spend a day here because we have what they call JOBS where we make the money to come to Anaheim and spend top dollar to be turned away again and again due to broken rides. The attitudes of the cast members was unbelievable! I was treated so rudely most often in tomorrow land. Awful! The Queen of Hearts treated me like I was a criminal and refused a picture. Really??? I usually buy $500 or so in souvenirs and left tonight with nothing! I'm not giving them another red cent! Guess when I'll be back at this dump??? You're right!! NEVER!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Truly the happiest place on earth. \u00a0Be sure to get the max pass to skip the long line.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love the magic kingdom. I always have a great time there. I love the ambiance and the magic of Disney.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I came to park on Christmas Day . Turned out to be the stupidest place on earth.Worst day to come to park. Under staffed and way over crowded. Average wait for women restroom is 20 minutes. The men's restroom were filthy.The average wait time is 75 minutes for rides.Most of the rides were down. I am not sure how the fire department allows for so much overcrowding \u00a0in such place. I have been coming to Coming to Disneyland for 15 years on and off . Experience used to be awesome now a days all you do wait forever. This is now an overpriced theme park just milking money great marketing were people are herded like cows. Fast pass is lame scheme, you can get 2 to 3 at max. Rides are great but Disney needs to seriously consider overcrowding and limit number of people per day to make it a good experience for all.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest. Place. On. Earth.   Need I say more? No. It really is the best. Seriously.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The fact that people rate the happiest place on earth below 5-stars is crazy to me. I LOVE Disneyland, my sisters, friends, parents and I always have a great time during our visits. I can't get enough. Where else can you ride a coaster, meet a princess, and eat your weight in snacks in 100ft separations? This place is unmatched in magic and experience. I feel safe and happy and what more could you ask for? Yes it's expensive but isn't that expected for rides you don't want to kill you? Do yourself a favor and VISIT!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love Disney Land. To bad I can't live there. Maby someday. Tell then I will have pay $1300 a year to visit.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is terrible.... It's fun sometimes but it's always hot and the lines are like four hours a ride. The people there are rude and grouchy. The food is overpriced and not that good. Overall not that good.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The Park was awesome much to do, you could never be bored, the park was spotless, and the fireworks spectacular and the Pixar parade was awesome plus the best part was how nice and welcoming the employees were and the princesses, my only question is how was The it's a small world ride made and how did u sync the fireworks to the music. But other then that we might come back also how did u get \u00a0the Pixar characters to dance and go in circles without hitting stuff?", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney is great, cast members are always nice. makes me feel happy and forget about bills when I go there. I come very year. the lines are bad but cant get away from people anywhere anyways.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We purchased annual passports. Great the first few months. However their policies are insanely unfair. Due to an oversight (changed bank, forgot to update) we weren't able to make the payments. Never did we get an email or a phone call to say they hadn't been charging our account. We finally make it back to Disney and now our passes have expired. Fine. We'll start new ones. But they are forcing us to pay $2,000 on the account even though we can no longer use the old pass. Shame on Disney. All we wanted was for them to be reinstated and start the plan back up. Or let us start brand new ones. They were not only unwilling to help but took forever to get us a straight answer. The lady in the window kept disappearing for up to 20 minutes at a time, multiple times. Our kids are getting upset and being made to wait a total of 2 hours outside Disney. How does this get settled?! With the SAME solution we asked about at the beginning. Thank you for wasting so much time and energy on my daughters birthday trip to Disney just to circle around to what could have been 15 minutes at the window. Disappointed with their policies and customer service.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland used to be great but now it's just a place to spend all your money in a really crowded place. It definitely became a money trap and they just keep on raising the price. Not worth it anymore", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What's not to like about Disneyland? It's the happiest place on earth. We live in SD and we're literally here all the time because we'll always have a great time. Can't wait to see the new Star Wars land and Pixar Pier!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My shortest review, ever....... but what can one say about Disney that hasn't been said before?  After all Disneyland IS the happiest place on earth!   enough said!!!  Thank you Mr. Disney!!!!  Five Stars", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Very disappointed by the customer service here. \u00a0Employees were rude and lack sincerity. \u00a0I have always been taught to say \"thank you\" and \"you're welcome\" but within these gate, it won't be necessary.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been in line for Autopia watching the ride come to a stop while 4 cast members argued over why one of them cant count right. Sad to have my 6 year old see them literally arguing. We walked away from that ride and incident. Seems like cast members are not happy around the park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Crap. Far better places for a vacation. Prices always jack up, like today, and it's the same crap as always. The magic is gone. Go to Knott's Berry Farm. At least there they still have a heart. \u00a0This isn't the place Walt Disney dreamt of. He wanted a place that was affordable to people. A place where people could vacation with their family without being overpriced. Overpriced parking, food, and tickets. You cannot buy love except at Disneyland where everything is priced. Save your families and your wallet.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I went to disneyland earlier this year in February and I had the time of my life. Coming back for my birthday in a couple weeks super duper excited :) The rides are really fun &amp; I'm taking my friends who have never been and showing them around. I will always love Disneyland &amp; I'm excited to come back again", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always the happiest place on earth thanks to the great Cast members .. from the first part of the day with security to the last tram driver taking you back to your car they make magic, can't wait for them to open back up some day", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Would leave a ZERO -0- rating if possible. This visit on June 26th just may have reached the top of my list of \"worst &amp; most miserable vacation experiences\". To celebrate my son's 10th birthday, he wanted nothing more than to go to the \"happiest place on earth\". We have gone once or twice a year since moving to Arizona 8 years ago. First mistake~ going during the summer/peak season. Save yourself a TON of FRUSTRATION and a mortgage payment per day spent there, go during the winter or fall. At an estimated 60,000 visitors per day @ $155-165 a person (lets be modest and call it $140 per person due to packages) ~ GET READY FOR THIS~ $8,400,000 PER DAY!!!!!!! that is JUST TO GET IN THE GATE!!!!! how about using a million from the Monday i was there and figuring out how to make your guests a little more comfortable, maybe consider a hydration station during the summer/peak season. IMO it should be STATE LAW. But then when you have rides constantly breaking down, fast passes that are not fast at all, and charging a family of four (2 adults, 2 children) $640.00 for one day park hopper passes for us to spend just under 15 hours at your park and we rode 7 rides, you may want to make some serious changes. I felt violated, extremely angry, and a week later still feeling this way. I will not let this one go. I am going to continue to share my experience or all of my social media pages and may even start my own site dedicated to unhappy experiences at your park. Unless of course, something is done to rectify my family's experience. I gave you the opportunity the day i was there as we were leaving. Only to be told by a 19 yr old kid working the customer relations counter that i'd get 3 fast passes upon my next visit!!! LOL. If i wasnt soo physically, mentally and spiritually exhausted at that moment, you could of had a VERY UNPLEASANT guest on \u00a0your hands. I assure you, \u00a0I am NOT the type of person who files complaints. I have been in the hospitality business for over 25 years. Owner on two separate occasions. I received alot of troll complaints in those 25 years. (troll complaint~ someone fabricating &amp; exaggerating trying to get something for free purposely). I assure you this is not the kind of person i am. I have a strong dislike for those type of individuals. What's right is right and what's wrong is wrong. Something has to be done about this because i'm sure we are not the only family having experiences such as this these days. Keep posted everyone. I'll let you know how this one turns out.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland and I always get a pretzel but this time I couldn't because they were taking cash only and I didn't have cash. I waited in line and when I get to the front she tells me the total and as I'm pulling my card out she says \"cash only\" . I'm annoyed because I waited and there were no signs saying \"cash only\" next time put a sign up to let people know so they don't waste my time . I was upset and as I walked away my friend says the lady that worked there rolled her eyes . This was near space mountain around 8:40, she had red hair and an attitude . I like how she rolled her eyes as I walk away . I would give no star because of her and her attitude .", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Took the boyz last week. They had the time of their life! Mom even more she has never been! Lol. No wagons \u00a0that pull are allowed. But allowed to bring snacks and water. \u00a0They do deep security process which is great they make u feel safe.They have big lockers is a plus if u have to put stuff away. Stroller rental is a plus.Food there is delicious especially the churros our absolute favorite! The rides were so much fun but pirates was down. California adventure was fun also had good food and fun rides! \u00a0Btw don't forget to buy the kids a light up ballon and light up bubble machine. Your kids will love u. Had a blast and they were open late. Can't wait to go back.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I bought tickets for 2 days knowing how crowded Disney is over the Holliday week. I was able to go fine Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. I bought tickets for 12/27 but the park became too full and my ticket is now forfeit. I cannot get a refund nor can I transfer it. I can use the money towards the purchase of an annual pass or let the money vanish.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland may well be the happiest place on earth as long as you don't let the crowds get to you. \u00a0Been going here, like most southern California natives, since I was a child, probably a couple dozen times which is by no means a lot for some locals. \u00a0The last time I was here the adjoining California Adventure park was there, but the parking structures were not yet entirely located off the premises (you used to park between Disneyland and the Disneyland Hotel - now that area is entirely for shuttles and ride services).  There are some things at Disneyland that have never changed - the cleanliness, the eager to please friendliness of the staff (whether feigned or genuine), and the absolute devotion to detail in making each ride or experience the best it can be. \u00a0What has changed over the years, is the increased devotion to solely Disney related themes, and most especially - devotion to movies and movie characters, versus any kind of historical events or literature (with notable exceptions - such as the Animatronic \"Great Moments with Abraham Lincoln\" at the Main Street Opera House that has actually expanded its historical presentation).  In order to experience the park on a busy weekend (we went on Labor Day weekend for two consecutive days), you must resign yourself to only Fast Pass attractions where you have booked your arrival in advance, or get yourself or someone in your group a D.A.S. (Disability Access Service) pass, which is the exact same as a Fast Pass, but may be used in conjunction with it (I have written online articles about these two in detail), or - if you dare to go to rides that do not accept Fast Pass, or stand in the regular \"stand by\" lines, on very busy days like certain weekends, you will spend literally hours waiting for rides that might be as short as a minute or two each in duration.  We spent two full days here Saturday and Sunday on Labor Day Weekend, and managed to see about every ride we wanted at both parks. \u00a0We went for the two day \"park hopper \" tickets which allow you to go to both Disneyland (the Original and, perhaps, Best) and also to CA Adventure Park, and managed to go to something like 2 - 3 Fast Pass or other premium attractions at each of the 8 Disneyland theme sections (Main Street, New Orleans Square, Frontierland, Fantasyland, Mickey's Toontown, and Tomorrowland), plus about 10 other attractions at CA Adventure Park, in those two days, plus the two nighttime shows including the fireworks, and to find time for frequent enough dining and coffee or tea breaks. \u00a0In all, we traversed about 9 miles each day, over a solid 14 hours per day spent at the parks, and all that walking was representative of how much we packed into each day.  What I mean by that Disneyland has gone more Disney related versus literature related, is evident for example in one of my favorite old time rides there - Pirates of the Caribbean, which was originally created based on Robert Louis Stevenson's novel, Treasure Island, but has become more centered on the Disney \"Jack Sparrow\" Pirates movies. \u00a0Science or instructive rides such as Monsanto's Adventure Through Inner Space, or Mission to Mars (originally, the moon), are long gone in favor of entirely science fiction or fantasy type ride experiences. \u00a0You're not going to find Thomas Edison's inventions showcased or AT&amp;T's newest telephone inventions, or any kind of \"House of the Future\" ype exhibits, at Disneyland anymore (fortunately some of these more highbrow experiences are still available, at Disney World).  In general, Disneyland is nowadays more about thrills and excitement in a solid realm of fantasy, versus any kind of contemplative educational experiences. \u00a0Still, some changes are for the better - for example on the Main Street train ride, you no longer pass by settlers with arrows in their backs from warpath Indians - the current Native American iterations are chanting songs of peace and spirituality. \u00a0Other rides, in the spirit of togetherness and worldliness, have not changed and remain as refreshingly poignant as ever, such as \"It's a Small World.\"  In all, Disneyland has managed to stay relevant and is perhaps best summed up in what Holden Caulfield commented in The Catcher in the Rye, about how the \"best thing\" about places like this, is that each time you visited, in some ways, \"The only thing that would be different would be you\" - in other words that you would be stimulated to see something different each time you visited, because You had somehow changed, had somehow grown up and matured, and seen Disneyland through your own ever changing perspective. \u00a0For this sort of magical experience, revisiting your youth and re-experiencing things from you past, Disneyland is unparalleled, long lines and crowds, or not. \u00a0And whether you have been there once, or a hundred times, you'll always be able to leave the reality of the regular world, for something carefree and devoted to, as Walt Disney put it, \"telling a story.\" \u00a0A magical story.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Terrible, I have been going to Disneyland since I was a young boy in 1972, and have never seen it this crowded and miserable. We purchased 3day Park hoppers and only used one day as it was just too much to handle. 75-90 minutes waits and no breathing room . It's terrible how greedy the world has become!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Planned this trip 8 months before checked. The disneyland website and said nothing about grad night 2014 on sat 17 2014 if that was the case I would have planned the trip after that was over. Park was over crowded with rude disrespectful teenagers cussing and yelling. So on the following day Started a new day. In disneyland they were having a parade. block off all of Main Street Except a little crossing by the walt disney statue. I was walking with my family and was a little behind because I have a bad knee from a car accident. they let my family pass buy. And then they closed the crossing off and I tried to talk to the cast member and she didn't care and told me to go around the park. if I need to go around there was no place to sit because of the parade. So my pain was getting worst by the minute. So I open the rope when there was a 700 ft gap between the parade. And a cast member walk up to me and started yelling at me to go back and I kept walking then another cast member blocked me and told Me I needed to get back to where I was so I told him I needed my medication that was with my family. And that I have disabled knee and he said I don't care. And I needed to go back so I went around him and he got very rude so I kept walking. So after I went to get my medication. I walk to city hall to talk to them. They said that if it was a emergency they should have called first aid. the mayor Jeff apology was fake and he said pretty much because I was not in a wheelchair that \u00a0I was lying about my bad leg but I had a knee brace under my pants. And I have cane in my backpack I told him the amount of money I paid for 5 tickets for 5 days I would like a couple of fast passes and he said I give you 4 fast passes for today only. I told him my knee is really bad can you make two of them for the next day and he said no. Today only so disneyland is not handicap friendly. Was going to upgrade to the \u00a0season pass but forget it not going to spend one more dime with them.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Truth is Disneyland saved my life. After my Dad died I was in in a bad place. I was truly trying to hang on I just couldn't find joy. But one day my husband asked me if I would like to go to Disneyland. It was always my dream to go. It's more than a theme park. I could spend the day doing nothing but just sitting on a bench in any part of the park and just enjoy the day. Even in the rain I would smile.  We go every year now. For 6 months I plan and organize and dream about our trip. Than we go and it is like being in heaven. Than for 6 months I live off the memories we made. And just when the high emotions with the memories are starting to fade I get to plan our next trip.  Disneyland is more than a park at least to me.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "the prices suck and i did a report about the scam and they raised their prices over 210% like what the **** and to top everything off they are evil illuminati people and just want to put you in dept and turn u into a hobo and i say lets protest againts these illuminati mother fu**ers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its time to rebel people and screw disneyland!!!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We love Disneyland, so much! It's the only place everybody in my family is happy and excited to be. We typically pack to stay there the whole day. We start by getting Starbucks for breakfast and then go to New Orleans for lunch/dinner they have good grilled chicken.   I cannot express how great the staff are and the rides are the best. It's true magic.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Please bring back the Mickey Sensational Parade. \u00a0Best of all parades. \u00a0More engaging for the kids and family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Do I really need to review Disney?!  Most likely no. Lol   Things to know:   It's crazzzy expensive, bring snacks... save the monies for the toys and cool stuff. It's 25$ for a bubble gun. A. Bubble. Gun.   Wear sunscreen. It's like the sun is sucked into fair skin, for a family cookout grill style. You go from Bryce Dallas Howard to Zoidburg, and you don't even know it happened, people just walk by and go:\"siiisshhh, ohhhh, ouch, man\" and you don't know why, until you've showered at home, and have 3rd degree burns.   Bring your own water, unless the sound of 5$ bottle water entices you more than lugging around that heavy nap sack around... bring your own water, ration it like the apocalypse, and suffer through the weight of the backpack.   Don't complain about overly excited, crying, tired, hungry, sun burned, noisy children. You're grown, in a child's play place, where most of them have never been, will only see once, and are incomprehensibly overwhelmed and excited, you're grown. If you're reading this, you're grown. Let them enjoy their youth, I wish I would've enjoyed mine more, so do you, so will they when they grow up. Let them do their kid thing, and relax your grown patience understanding booty.   Just. Have. Fun. Stop Yelping the place, go, waste your money.. for the best experience of your life. But, also, the most stressful, crowded and also worth the memories, most magical, experiences of your life.   Go. Have fun.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love this place, can't wait to go back when it's not as busy. My family and I started pin trading and it's super fun.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "You can spin it as many ways as possible, and read as many yelp reviews as you want, but you're going to have to go to Disneyland to get the full experience. Don't listen to the 1 Star reviews because they're misinformed and not accurate. Disneyland is a happy and safe place for people of all ages. I've had the best times in my life there. One thing all park goers should know however, is that there are a lot of ways to do Disneyland, but no wrong way. Here's what I suggest. Get the app It saves you time and struggle and let's you know where everything is and the wait times for each attraction. Definitely good for getting your bearings. Second, get there early to fully immerse yourself and make the most of the experience. Third, get fast passes... For everything you can, mostly the more popular attractions like matterhorn, big thunder mtn, space mtn, splash mtn, etc. You get 1 at a time and it tells you when to get your next one. Hint: its always best to plan what your next fast pass will be for, so you can go there at the designated time one will be available. It sounds confusing but once you're there you'll understand. I hope this helps a lot of people. I want you to have the best experience possible and truly love this place as much as I do.  Extra pieces of advice: talk to cast members because often times they'll make some magic for you. Whether that be meeting a character, moving up in line, or them finding you a special spot to watch fireworks or parades. One time a cast member got my girlfriend and I on matterhorn a few minutes earlier than we should have and we got to experience watching the fireworks from on the matterhorn bobsleds over a shining winter castle. My best memory from disneyland ever.  Lastly the best place to watch the fireworks is by the castle, or by rivers of america in my opinion.  Thanks for reading!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "FAT SHAMING EMPLOYEES!!!!!!   if i could give them 0 stars i would. let me start by saying i am not new to disneyland anihiem i visit at least twice a year. i live in san francisco so thats quite a trip driving although i dont mind because of past experiences with this location. on 10/13/18 i visited the park with a group of 11. my first horrible experience was with a cast member in character as jack skeleton. i waited in line for 1 hour just to take a photo with him and sally, i had a monster university hat on whitch read m.u. to get the full picture i am a curvier girl, i know this and people have to be more sensitive when it comes to joking about certin things and just cant be down right stupid, you have to think before you speak especially if your a disneyland character. come on! jack took a look at me and my cap and proceeded to tell me \" what dose m.u stand for? moooo? mooo? like a cow. are you going to school to become a cow?\" in shock i said nooo...i was so hvh: \u00a0v disappointed and hurt i snaped 1 picture and left. the second cast member who was disrespectful and rude was a cast member who was working in a restaurant by tomorrowland, this restaurant surves fried chicken and is a buffet style restaurant i do not know the name. i was in line and when it was my turn i walked up to tell the surver a male with glasses, what i wanted whitch was a xhicken dinner plate with no green beans, he smiled and said well no cookie for you, and i said what? he laughed \u00a0and said im just trying to keep you healthy. i was so taken back!! i immediately want to speak to a manager! i was in tears, i told him my encounter with the rude insensitive guy and he was apologetic, but i just can not belive how insensitive and rude, horrible people they hire to work here. i have tried emailing disney and calling anihiem guest services to have my voice be herd and noone response to me! disney i hope you read this. i had to cut my \u00a0sons day at disneyland short due to this i just could not bare the embarrassing emotional state i was in. noone should be fat shamed or any type of shamed., weather it be for what you look like how much you weigh or what color your skin is , sexual preference ect. do jot waste your money here!!! its horrible.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "if you don't know what disneyland park offers, idk how to help you, but i do know it's pretty fun and jolly holiday has a bangin caprese sandwich and coffee!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Definitely a favorite of Monkey Bloggers the lines are usually pretty good. The entertainment is superb. The food is fantastic. Lots to do for all ages. We suggest spending the extra money for the Max Pass. For one you get all the photos you take for the day digitally. Second you get your fast passes from your phone anywhere you are. On top of that you get to explore the planet of Batuu the best themed land we have ever seen", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is an update to Disney's policy or lack there of. Today I witnessed people smoking behind the corn dog stand in \u00a0DCA in the employee walkway to back stage, but that wasn't issue. \u00a0It came when an employee walked onstage and just ignores it and allowed this behaviour to continue. The employee worked at the corn dog stand from what I can see by the costume but did nothing. This place lost its image in my book. I'm so glad my passes expire soon. Disney can take its poor image and stick it in bob iger's land. \u00a0This place just all out sucks in comparison to the 1980 and 90's when it came to respect and loyalty.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am 53 years old and I love Disneyland. We have a annual pass and go few times a year. I enjoy going even if it's just to watch the fireworks and go on couple of rides. Always fun to look inside the stores and buy a little souvenir. Taking pictures with the Disney characters is also fun. I enjoy it even more now that my kids are much older and we could enjoy the rides together. It's always a happy place.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I made reservations on \u00a02/4/2015 I have always wanted to dine at blue beyou. My whole life I never ate their in my life. I have to say for a place that costs so much to eat at I had a very bad bad bad experience there. My reservation was for 6:20 pm. Sad to say I was not seated till 7:20 pm. Not very good when you got a 2 yr. Old that goes to bed at 8pm. Food isn't that great their either. Place is over rated", "rating": 1}, {"text": "WOW...... this place used to be \"the happiest place on earth\"..... not ANYMORE. List of things to follow later", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always long lines, long waits and lots of junk food, crowded. In a lot of ways this place has lost its charm.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Too many people. Disneyland should limit how many visitors they let in. \u00a0I'd pay double if they capped it at a certain number. There was trash everywhere.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Been a premium/signature pass holder for 5 years now. \u00a0Today as I'm writing this it's been 1 1/2 hours and my wife and infant child are still not inside the park. \u00a0Will not be renewing our passes", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Just wondering why the prices can change on a daily basis. \u00a0Went with the grandkids on spring break and the price was $20 more per ticket than on a regular day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "OK, I have loved Disneyland since my first trip in 1956 as a little kid. I have been maybe 8 or 9 times since then. This trip sucked. They sell way, way too many entrance tickets and the park is way too crowded. I know this is a busy time of the year and I have always avoided going between xmas and New Years. But the family was off work and wanted to go. I knew better than to go along, but it was a family trip. Still they just let too damn many people in and it ruins the day  We waited 2 hours to go on Indiana Jones. If they had sold 1/2 as many tickets for the day our wait still would have been 1 full hour. That is too long a wait for me. 30 to 45 minutes OK, but not longer.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I came here today to buy a military 3 day pass with my family.  My ticket agent was Ashley from  Long Beach.   Rude.   Rude.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Loved it!! Expensive but they usually are but still worth it. It was a nice vacation with my husband and 2 month old baby.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What a waste of time.The wait times are just too much,this is certainly not the happiest place on earth.Over 1 hour wait times on everything,you spend your entire disney experience waiting in one long lineup after another.The amount you pay to enter compared to what you recieve is not worth it,should have gone to Knotts Berry Farm or Six Flags or even Newport Beach.This is the last time you scam me out of hundreds of dollars.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I always highly recommend this park if your in the area and its its your budget. Its about $100 a person not including food and drinks which u can bring in so pack ahead. Great for adults and kids of all ages. Lines are made easier with the fast pass. All the rides are fun even the kiddy ones. Enjoy", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ok, I love Disney and have been a passholder for 5 yrs so I may be biased \u00a0but if your complaint is the price then you are not getting it. Yes, it is extremely pricey but I mean they offer a lot. Look at everything around you. Do you think it is cheap? The prices go up yearly but the park continuously makes improvements and adds \u00a0fun things. Disney is one of a kind. The customer service is also amazing. If you have a tired toddler who is just spazzing out while your in the incredible long line for Peter pan and a cast member just happens to be nearby sweeping or directing people \u00a0guess what?! They will come to your rescue and find a way to entertain. They are a delight. My child is 7 now but trust me those cast members have saved me many times and I see them do it for others now. \u00a0This alone is worth the price! Also. Character experiences are free and you can take your own pictures. Another big plus is you can bring in outside good and drinks with NO PROBLEM except alcohol of course. Although, while you are there you will definitely want to try some amazing Disney food which by the way is cheaper than the movies. You can get a kids meal small pizza 2 sides and a drink for like $7.00. It's $6 with my pass, not bad! They also have amazing michelads. They are $8 to $9 but I am from Hollywood so I mean that's nothing. You can find cheaper domesticated beer for like $6 but when you have so many fun choices ..splurge \u00a0keep in mind alcohol is only at California adventure \u00a0which I always recc doing both parks because well so much to do. The place is a blast. It's not full of crazy roller coasters but it's ok because do much other stuff makes up for it. There is literally so much happening, it is amazing. We have been almost every weekend for 5 years and still haven't done it all. . We go there some days and we just walk around, no rides at all. \u00a0My favorite ride is soaring over the world. A must in California adventure and Peter pan at Disney. That line is always long btw. Please note Disney is almost always crowded now, the days of slow season are long gone but if you hit a weekday during off season you will be fine even tho off season doesn't exist \u00a0that is the only downside is the crowds but what can you do even one wants to go. We hang back for tourist, we know we can go anytime so my daughter even at 7 knows to let people go if they are out of towners. You can always spot them, and we want to help make their visits magical. \u00a0The place is full of passholders but they are so just as accommodating. Just relax and enjoy and don't complain about the price because it's magical. You can't experience such joy anywhere else. I promise. Keep up the amazing work Disney....*please excuse typos, I am on my phone and far too lazy to actually go back and read it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney Land is the best!! Whenever I go everything is mostly clean and the food is pricey but still amazing. All the staff is so kind and accommodating:)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I lost my wallet. \u00a0Finally remembered that I also had my annual pass in there. \u00a0I got around to reporting it lost yesterday and I got a call from someone at Disney today saying that my pass had been revoked because someone had tried to use it. \u00a0He said \"how convenient is it that you report it lost AFTER someone had tried to use it.\" \u00a0I found it highly offensive that a company like Disney would flat out accuse their loyal customer of something unethical like this. \u00a0You need to tell your ignorant employee that he better do some fact checking before he accuses someone of something they didn't do. \u00a0On top of that, there is a $20 fee per card for each lost pass. \u00a0That's $60 to recover my card. \u00a0It's not even lost if they say they have it revoked. \u00a0Really? \u00a0Is the $2700 that I paid for those 3 passes not enough money for you guys? \u00a0And in order to waive that fee, I would need to get a police report. \u00a0Do you think that is worth my time? \u00a0What a joke. \u00a0Please revisit your policy and provide more employee training. \u00a0That guy should not be dealing with customers when he doesn't have any common sense", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is expensive because the brass at that place spends money indiscriminately. Why do I know this? I was an employee who saw this kind of spending firsthand.   Is it worth the price of $95-120? I would never pay that. My wife and I only go if we can be signed in. Otherwise our future kids will grow up in a world where Disneyland doesn't exist.  Raised the prices again, therefore I will lower this review down to one star. They're certainly taking everyone who goes there for the proverbial ride. Don't let the \"Disney image\" fool you, you're getting ripped off by these shysters.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This review is aimed at various cast members who gave me an unwelcoming experience at Disneyland. Disneyland the park itself still is a fun attraction to go and I had experience with nice cast members. First, Anthony my food handler from the \"French Market\" made me feel like scum when he asked me \"Are you going to eat?!\" when I didn't know I had to order the food from him. He rolled his eyes at me and handed me my food with a stale bread to end his verbal assault. \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0Second, this big lip girl cast member placed my girlfriend and I's couple bracelets onto the finished table to us like we were annoying her work \"shift.\" She visually wasn't busy at the Adventureland bracelet area. \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0I understand the cast members have to work all day with thousands of park goers. But that doesn't give them the right to verbally assault or treat customers like we are stupid. You have an easy job. Don't make feel stupid when I know I am not.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney really need to re-evaluate their season pass system. There are too many visitors. This was not a great experience, not good, just terrible. I even bought the maxpass but that really didn't help. I understand it is the summer so there are more visitors but wait of 90 minutes for one ride is insane. \u00a0I did not see any genuinely happy visitors. The roping off the section is even crazier. I love Disney but I do not plan on returning in the near future.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Greatest place on earth. No other amusement park comes close. Full stop.   Best theme park rides. Food. All ages.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Was looking through my photos of Disneyland and realized I'd not yet written about what is unequivocally one of the best experiences of my life.   I've only been to Disneyland twice, and have managed to take up the entire day both times. I will start off this review by saying get to the park early. Not only is it better for parking, the crowds will be slightly easier to deal with.  Given that this particular theme park is a staple in the SoCal community, in addition to being the original of the Disney parks, it should be no surprise that pretty much any time you go will have some type of crowd attached to it. Both times I've gone, the park has reached capacity, meaning that you're not getting in after a certain amount of people have been admitted for the day. This is also another reason to head there early.  Now, onto the fun stuff! Just to reiterate: This is the original of the Disney parks. The park opened on July 17th, 1955. You will see much of the original equipment that was used during its opening - including Walt's bench - as well as the rides. Are the rides old? Obviously. They are, however, well maintained and still have a certain magical spark that only Disney can produce.   Main Street is probably my favorite part of the park. Not only is it lined with shops, but it really adds to the feel of the park. If you want to catch the fireworks spectacular at the end of the evening, this is the place to do it. Views have been decent both times. If you want closer to the fireworks, prepare to be crowded. If you want a little more breathing room with the same view, stick to the back. The music accompanied with them is wonderful, and always leaves me teary-eyed. (You probably didn't need to know that.)  The food here is about what you'd expect -- of average price for a theme park, average quantity and quality. You're permitted to bring snacks and beverages. I would recommend doing so if you plan on being there all day. Shade is somewhat limited if crowded. Take bottled water and stay hydrated.  I have a difficult time picking out my favorite ride in Disneyland, but it would probably be Space Mountain. The wait is always kind of long, but the ride itself is fun, and you won't regret waiting in the line. Opt for the fast pass and save some time.   I recommend It's a Small World to relax and take a breather. It's a classic, and lasts a few minutes. The puppets are cute, and the ride is air conditioned (to my memory). The lines for this ride aren't very long. (I believe they're doing renovations on this ride, but the app will let you know before you venture over that way.)  California Adventure requires an additional ticket, BUT, it's well worth the price. The rides here tend to be viewed more favorably, but I liked both equally.   My favorite ride would definitely be Soarin'. Try and grab a seat on the front row if you can. I don't want to say I was mesmerized, but it was pretty close. The wait time was average, but the ride was very well worth it.   Radiator Springs Racers takes a very close second. The wait times for this ride are always long, and I 100% recommend riding as single rider, or grabbing a fast pass. Even with that option, we waited almost an hour.   Parking is pretty well organized, and there were plenty of people directing traffic. Cast members were very friendly and plenty of smiles to go around.   The parks are very clean. There are plenty of restrooms, and each was clean, despite the crowds. Shade, as previously mentioned, is somewhat limited in concession areas.   The tram that escorts you to and from the parking lot will always have a line. Patience, patience, patience.   Security was friendly and did their best to help everyone in a timely manner. I felt the measures they took were not at all intrusive, and were done with the safety of the guests in mind. They check bags, like any other major theme park or venue. No selfie sticks allowed! (I really like that rule. Ha.)   Final tips for your visit:  Take bottled water. Be smart about it. You will probably need it, and you can spend $2 for a bottled water outside of the park and have it last most of your day. (They also have filling stations around the park that are useful.)  Make use of fast passes. Seriously, they're a blessing. Be quick about it and plan accordingly! Your wait times will decrease dramatically.   Stick around for the fireworks show. Without a doubt one of the best parts of the whole experience.   Wear comfy shoes! I logged almost fifteen miles in my Nikes that I wore that day, and they held up to the challenge. Your feet will thank you.  Have fun, and do as dreamers do. :-)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I had so much fun here!! I want to come back soon with my family ! Now I know why this is the happiest place on earth.. thank you Walt Disney for making it such a special day..", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What's not to like? Stay at the lodge and get great access to everything. \u00a0Kids love this place, me personally a little too crowded but whatever", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Not the greatest place on earth unless you are loaded with Mickey cheese pouring out ur pocket..... Disneyland has loss \u00a0it's touch and value with the common folks like me. $100 person plus food n drinks that are Edwards movie theaters prices. For a family of 5 it's gonna cost you over $800. Wish they have a financing program..... Disneyland equal endless cheese for Mickey n their CEO..... Hey Disneyland not everyone drives a Ferrari n can afford ur prices.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I dont understand how your aloud to use the app on your phone as a replacement for your season pass, if the employee (yeah just one) refuses to recognize it. Thanks Anthony at the Pirate handicap entrance. Apparantly all of disneyland from his excuse, is that the phone app isn't allowed to be scanned in replacement of your season pass. I have gone on almost every ride and bought from mutliple stores using thw app on my phone. If the other cast memebers are suppose to be following what he called a rule. Why is he the only one that follows it?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "In preparation for our little guy's first trip to Disneyland we bought him baby sized Mickey Mouse ears. Went to Disneyland and they refused to put his name on his ears. They said they needed a receipt to prove we didn't \"steal\" them. When we showed them the emailed receipt from the online Disney Store, they still refused. Such a disappointment. And now we don't get the cherished personalized Mickey Mouse ears. Very disappointed with Disneyland today.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So Disappointed in my recent trip to Disneyland. \u00a0I've always loved it here at the \"Happiest Place on Earth\" until my last visit. \u00a0This employee pretty much pushed my 3 year old grandson out of the way of Mickey Mouse, (he LOVES Mickey), just wanted to say hi. This employee was rude and cold to my baby boy. \u00a0I had to spend money on an expensive costume that he wanted just to cheer him up. He cried and was sad pretty much all day and ruined our trip. Then Fireworks were cancelled to top it all off!! I guess the wind was blowing way up high. \u00a0Everything is really expensive now and if you want to see any characters you need to be a VIP and spend some $$$$.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Come on! What do you say? ITS DISNEYLAND! Not like it used to be, but magical never the less!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Best theme park in the world. Fantastic attractions and shows. Cast members often go above and beyond to make the day special for guests.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The best place ever, and worth every penny! It's immersive, amazing and has awesome night time shows. I will recommend that you get there early to get the best experience!! This is key to a good day. If you arrive at 10am just go home.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Walt's dream is dead. The park is filthy and poorly maintained. \u00a0The fast pass system has ruined the ride experience by massively increasing wait times and frustration. The well designed lines with shade and things to look at are gone replaced by snaking chains in the blazing sun. Many of the rides are down for maintenance. So much for 60 years as the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Other than the fact I am partial to Disney world this is a very nice park. Kinda pricey so plan ahead. We made dining reservations for all meals this time and with the exception of one restaurant we love all the foods. One change they have made is with the fast pass each person in your group now have to do fast pass for the same ride. You can use the app if you pay 10 bucks a person which also includes all photos each day. Overall just plan ahead and bring lots of money", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love this place sooo much. Many fun rides and amazing foods. Pretty expensive though", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland. I love the park, food, rides, cast members. My daughter and I have been going since she was three months. My kids enjoy Disneyland so much this is a place I like to go to when I'm in the need for a little bit more of happiness in my life. I wish we were able to go more. Disney truly makes me and my family happy.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Again Disneyland treats their frequent customers poorly. \u00a0Early arrivers are forced to go to the convention center parking instead of using the structure. \u00a0I know now why my husband calls this the worst customer experience in the world, I don't see any happy faces on this bus.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland so so so so much! It's so magical and nostalgic and brings my inner child out. If I could get an annual pass, I totally would, but I don't live in SoCal :(  TIPS for a great trip:  If you plan on going to both parks, I suggest doing a 2-day, 1 park each ticket with Maxpass. That way, you won't have to rush between two parks on one day (1-day park hopper). You can dedicate your time to each park per day, attending the shows and riding the rides. But if you plan to go for more than 2 days then awesome, you have plenty of time to do everything. The max days I've been is 2 so I only have tips for that amount of time!  MAX PASS. Get the max pass. Seriously. I promise you it's worth it. It costs an extra $15 (I think it used to be $10), but it will make your experience a whole lot better. You get to fast pass rides and the night time shows directly from your phone and as soon as you redeem your fast pass (or the time that you're allowed to make the next one passes) you can immediately fast pass the next ride.   ARRIVE EARLY. Arrive when the park opens (excluding magical morning), because most likely it won't be that packed yet. That way, lines are short and fast pass opening hours are not taken yet. We got into the park at around 8:30/9 each day and we finished riding all the rides we wanted to (probably 6 or 7 rides) by 12pm (incredicoaster, guardians, cars, toy story mania, etc.) Yes, it's possible. All through max pass!   SHOWS/ PARADES. Even though I'm only in the 20s, I consider myself a grandma already lol so the shows/parades at the parks are the perfect time to take a rest. after we finished riding the rides by 12. We literally just bought a bunch of snacks and sat at the curb and waited for the parade. We sat down at like 2:00pm and the parade didn't even start until 3:30 so we got great seats with a great view and shade!! OR shows and parades are a great time to ride rides because everyone will be watching the parade! Up to you!  DISNEYLAND APP. The app is so useful. Has all your tickets and it's where you can reserve fast passes. You can also link your photo pass (if u bought maxpass), and any ride photos or photos by photographers will go straight to your phone. You can also order food on the app and pick it up so you don't have to wait in line!  Overall, love Disney and these tips really helped better the Disney experience!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "How can I not give it 5 stars. \u00a0It is the happiest place on earth! \u00a0I know it is pricey, but it is worth it. \u00a0We got there really early and bought the max pass. What a difference it makes. \u00a0By 11:30a.m. we had done almost all the rides we came for. \u00a0I have been coming to Disney since the 80s, and this was my twins' first time. \u00a0They loved it. \u00a0They did the Jedi training, at first they were reluctant, but once they did it, they loved it and wanted to do it again. Some of the rides are a little different than what I remember, but I still loved every minute of it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "way too expensive, and so over crowded! When asking about the anxiety pass- we were not taken seriously and made to feel like we were in the wrong for asking for it. So much for our mental health!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is filled with DISGUSTING POS. Their employees are HORRIBLE. We reported an incident of a man SHOVING someone I was with (very physical) to two security guards. The first \"security\" (a white guy), refused to do anything despite us showing a picturs, recounting the incident FIVE TIMES, and telling him to do something. Instead, he \"talks\" to the man who caused the incident. Beforehand, we told a cast member about the incident and she had us back and forth until we found the bastard secuirty. He didn't believe anything and practically called us liars. We explained how the man kept laughing at our faces and saying he \"didn't see us\" and so much BS.He even tried to take a picture of us. You know whag the security said? \"Are you sure he wasn't laughing because he's at Disneyland?\" How much of a fucking IDIOT can you be? He then sarcastically asked if we needed to see a nurse. So in order for them to actually KICK SOMEONE OUT, they need you to physically punch someone? He even said that he supposedly talked to EVERYONE around the area and that everybody sides with the man. How does he think it was the same people if it took about 15 minutes to actually get a hold of a \"security\" since the cast members can't help at all? Even then, the other security even told me that he never saw the security talk to the people around! Also, why would you expect for the people to say something of they weren't near? And also, when the man that started the incident saw that the secuirty approached, he ran away!!! How was that not enough to believe us?? The second security guard even pulled me to the side to tel me that Disneyland security refuses to do anything for anyone and that he was extremely sorry and that this wasn't the first time an incident was left unresolved. Shame on you Disney! The man was a mid-age filipino man that was about 6 ft tall and 180 pounds. I would post the picture we took of him but I rather save the trouble! Shame on you Disney! You never know what FREAKS and MISERABLE people you will encounter in this crap hole. Shame on Disney for putting their capitalist greed and money hungry before the SAFETY of their guests. Karma bites everyone in the ass, Disney!! I know your bite will be 2x harder though! Your security is nothing but twigs with a badge on to make them feel important. Ruined our evening with frustration and felt unsafe. We exited the park for our safety. Screw you disneyland!! You don't deserve good peoples money. Maybe that's why most of the people that work here and visit have an attitude that comes straight from hell! Don't come here and invest your money at a movie theater with your family or an outing to the beach!!! This park reeks of greed, racism, and greasy americanized churros.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is bogus .... their height requirements are a crock... I even checked them with a measuring tape myself and they are wrong... they are posting inappropriate sizes to make less people in the lines... and a lot of detailing sucks, the food has gotten worse... it's definately not what it use to be... hate this place...worst mistake for buying annual passes... and the pricing is outrageous... it's more money for food, parking, entry, and etc... than its worth...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "F this place! If they charge $300 for admission ,people will pay it and it'll be more crowded! Spend your money elsewhere!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Legendary Walt Disney has become the Grandfather the world has always wanted. Disneyland is ever evolving constantly improving and reinventing itself all the time. Truly a Mecca for entertainment for all ages and a national treasure for the world to enjoy. Visit early and often to get the most out of your Disney Parks experience. Stay at a Disneyland Hotel at least once if possible also visit during Halloween or Christmas time for a special experience at the park. Bring your children or visit with loved ones to bring the kid out of you again. The parks allow you to bring food and drinks inside both the resorts within reason. All bags are subject to search at security check points. So leave pocket knives, etc. at home. Go for walks prior to your visit so you don't shock your body from the 30k steps a day you accumulate. Bring plenty of water. Camel paks or other hydration containers are allowed in park and a wise decision during warmer days. Wear comfortable walking shoes and clothing. Have a lanyard or some other way to making your park ticket easily accessible for fast pass scanning or discounts while shopping. Remember to bring your manners and plenty of patience. All rides will have wait lines so plan your visit accordingly. Try not jump all around park unless you are pressed for time. Try to ride all rides and see attractions in one area before moving on to the next. You will see more of the park this way experience less stress. If you want to see a parade make sure you get a seat early or have someone save you a spot along the route. Club 33 and balcony area in tomorrow land offer views of parade and fireworks. Bathrooms are located throughout the park but not all stalls are big enough for you and your child. If I had to complain about anything about Disneyland it would be it's lack of family size bathrooms for parents and their little ones who can't quite venture into restrooms on their own yet. Please supervise your children at all times. It's sad that statement needs to be read but parents need a reminder. There are moving vehicles around the park, strollers, tons of people everywhere. Kids could get lost in seconds. Please don't let your kids invade other people's personal space. Take advantage of this opportunity to teach your kids to mind their manners, cover their mouths when they cough or sneeze. Wash their hands or sanitize.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I absolutely LOVE Disneyland. Yes, it gets awfully crowded, and yes it is extremely expensive to spend a day there, but I've always felt like it was worth it.   This theme park always maintains their cleanliness, serves the best food, has the best shows and entertainment, and has great gift items out of all of the theme parks I've been to. Also, the staff there are always so kind and they really do their best to make it a happy and enjoyable place!  Tip: If you're going to spend money on a Park-Hopper, purchase a pass! I think passes are the best deal you can get at Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland, the only place you can escape all your troubles and enter a ton of different lands all in one day. \u00a0Everything is great, and happy!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have a pass that I'm letting expire tomorrow! My husband and I tried to go on a date without our 3 kids for once! We went and it started to rain when we got there. Almost every ride was closed!! We even purchased maxfastpass! At one point after the craziness we got a space mountain fast pass and than the ride closed down temporary, 45 minutes later and they said they couldn't guarantee a time it would come back up! We decided to try Rodger rabbit since our fast pass for thunder couldn't work since it was closed ! As we are walking up to Rodger rabbit they inform us that it's \"temporarily closed\" as well! We decide to go to Indian jones thinking it's an inside ride so should be fine! Walk over there in the pouring rain and it's also closed! By this point we are soaked from head to toe. My husband used his second day from his 3 day military ticket and it was a TOTAL WASTE!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So tired of the notion that disneyland has exceptional customer service. Their security system is absurd, and I am sick of the difference in how they relate to white guests. Michelle in security at the Grand California entrance on 11/4 earned the 1 star. I'm not done with her...how dare you tell me, \"well you need to listen.\" I spend way too much money here to receive such inferior service.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I feel like every time I come here, so many things go wrong. Parking was closed so we had to park in an additional lot that seemed to be across Anaheim then wait for a bus to take us to the park. That whole process cost us a good 45 minutes. Once arriving to the park I saw the crowds and almost turned around. I've been coming here often for the past 2 years but lately the crowds are just insane. It doesn't even feel safe for children, people are literally stepping on you and bumping into you without even noticing. We went to the Boardwalk pizza place inside California Adventure where I purchased a side salad. As soon as I open the salad I see a dead Beatle hiding in the lettuce, super gross but what makes it even worse is that this isn't the first time this happens to me! The rest of the day only got worse and my experience has convinced me to not return to the park anytime soon, if ever.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Absolutely adore Disneyland! The last time I've been there was when was I was 14 (I'm now 27) and don't remember adoring it as much as I do now! My kids and husband also enjoyed it there as it really is the most magical place on earth. Of course, prices are high, lots of walking and it can be hot (depending on the season you go), but it's all worth it. The experience you get out of it is priceless!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is my favorite place on earth, truly. And, being lucky enough to be an Annual Passholder, I get to Disneyland any chance I get. I usually make it here 1-3 times a month and enjoy the theme park for a number of reasons.   First and foremost, the nostalgia. This place IS my childhood, and I enjoy exploring the park and reminiscing in all the fond memories I have had over my lifetime here, it's truly magical.   Next up, the rides. You've got fun rides, thrill rides, entertaining rides, and so much more. The parades are legendary and there is ALWAYS something to do at any given time through the park. Must rides include: Smuggler's Run, It's a Small World, and HyperSpace Mountain.  Now, let's talk snacks. I highly recommend downloading the Disneyland app so that you can access all the menus throughout the park as well as enjoy the ease of mobile ordering at a number of dining locations. Must have snacks include: loaded onion rings from Grizzly Bear Grill and Churro Toffee from Trolley Treats.   Photo opps. are endless and cast members and characters ALWAYS do their best to be accommodating. Pro-tip: find a balloon vendor and ask to hold all the balloons for a cute pic, they not only hand their balloon bouquet over, they usually opt to take a pic for you. I LOVE DISNEYLAND!   Lastly, if you or a loved one is disabled, this park is the most accommodating. Living with Lupus, my DAS pass allows my loved ones and I a no-wait fast pass, allowing us to ride maximum rides without getting too tired. I love the DAS Pass!   P.S. visit now and enjoy the park transformed for the Christmas holiday. It's magical times two!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I went this week and it was horrible!!!! So beyond packed. We where there for 8 hours and ride 5 or 6 rides. Disneyland has lost the magic. Night magic about it. The price per ticket was obscene. \u00a0I will never go back", "rating": 1}, {"text": "About 2 years ago my family decided to use our tax return and take a much needed trip to Disneyland in California. It wasn't the smartest thing we could have done with our taxes, however, much needed! I grew up with a rare disability called Osteogenisis Imperfecta aka Brittle Bone Disease. I had given birth to a daughter in 2016 who has the same condition, please don't judge me, she is a very content and happy child. Throughout the pregnancy my body went through a rough time, I was hospitalized 3 months. After Abbigale was born it got a bit harder, I will spare you the details, I just wanted to covey how important this vacation was to my family and I. I would have been our first family vacay. We arrived at the park and naturally it was packed. I expected such. We attended the Fantasmic show that evening. I had pulled a staff aside and explained me and my daughter have a brittle bone disease and we need to sit at our spot and wait for the crowed to clear. Crowds and OI dont go well together! After the show a staff had asked us to start making out way out of our area, I explained again the severity of our condition but she didn't care. She said she had to clear the space to seat the next show. I was so scared for my daughter, one bump and she could break, as I explained to the staff. Along the exit route, me, my fiance, and mother in law flagged down every staff or security we could and begged them to let us on the other side of the rope so we could safely exit, my daughter and I were getting nearly trampled on. No one seemed to care. I was astonished, I had gone to the park before in 2000 and was allowed to wait until the crowed cleared. What changed? That was incident #1. Secondly, we had decided a few days later to visit the Tikki room. If you use a wheelchair or scooter you have to be ESCORTED up on a SMALL elevator. I had arrived at the show with my two step daughters, age 8 and 12, and my disabled 1 year old. The staff was there to greet me at the elevator entrance, opening the elevator door upon entering and exiting. I had sent my kids up the stairs to find seating. After the show I had told my kids to go down and wait for me at the elevator entrance. When I got to the elevator, NO STAFF ANYWHERE! I went back in the Tikki room and didn't find anyone. My daughters were waiting at the bottom with my disabled baby, I started to mom-panic, I went to the elevator and STRUGGLED to open the door, super heavy, and back in the elevator. I pushed the down button. Got to the ground and tried to push the door open with the back of my chair. I finally got it open, backed out. Halfway out I used my left hand to hold the heavy door open so It wouldn't hurt me while my right hand was maneuvering my control stick for my wheelchair. I was nearly clear of the elevator when the door hit my joystick and pushed me, and my hand into the door. I started crying, I knew I had an injury. I tried to call my kids but they were over by the benches with their dad at this point. I got clear of the elevator and found my family. We went straight to city hall to let them know what had happened, and YES, I wanted compensation! The nurse came in and saw swelling and bruising had started. She wrapped my wrist and gave me a phone number to the Claims department. After I saw the nurse a, City Hall employee came in to talk to me. I will again spare the details and jump to infuriating situation #3. I told them I need to go get medical attention, they said that they couldn't extend my ticket another day. Funny huh? For my \"inconvenience\" I was offered for the staff to ESCORT us out of the park and get a one day pass to return up to a year after. I explained that we were checking out in the morning and can't stay another day. Furthermore, we can't afford to come back within a year. This trip cost us $5,000 plus dollars. Furthermore!!! Why am I being publicly humiliated by being ESCORTED out of the park like a criminal. Everyone looking at us. I asked for a manager, she went behind the door to another room and came back to say that is there ONLY AND FINAL OFFER. The manager didn't even have the decency to come talk to me or even apologize to me and my family. After wasting 1 hour in City Hall I looked at my kids, sitting in the office while they should be enjoying Disneyland. The looks on their face was so sad. A vast majority of the trip they had to deal with me, as a wheelchair user, trying to deal with lack of help, compassion and just plain give a darn. I decided to finish out our last day, in pain and thoroughly pissed off, for my kids. Plus, I still had the number to the Disney guest claims department, so they should be of better help right? NOPE, I contacted them, started a claim, send them requested forms and still to this day have not gotten a phone call back! And get this, get a lawyer you say....Well, tried that. I called top lawyers in LA, they won't touch a disney claim because apparently what Disney does is ties you up in litigation", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland should limit the number of people allowed in the park. \u00a0I purchased annual passes for my whole family. \u00a0We cannot find any day where the lines aren't absolutely ridiculous. \u00a0There is a huge line to get into parking structure. \u00a0Huge line to get on shuttles. Huge line to enter the park. \u00a0Huge long lines at every ride. \u00a0We went for six hours and went on two rides!! If I was from out of town I would demand my money back. \u00a0We arrived at 10am and every fast pass said we had to come back at 4pm!! Standing in line all day without going on a ride is NOT the happiest place on earth. \u00a0I'm buying passes for a different theme park this Christmas. \u00a0Disneyland should definitely do a better job limiting the number of guests allowed in the park. \u00a0We have tried to go so many days this year and it just isn't fun to stand in 60+ minute lines for every ride.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "dont know if we can shoutout an employee but Xenia was amazing helping us in the front with our tickets to get into the park! Great Job!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love, love, love my favorite place on earth! Who doesn't love Disneyland? I highly recommend the train, Pirates of the Caribbean, the Princess Castle, the storybook train, the French quarter, Main Street-everything! I love it all! Wear comfortable shoes, sunglasses, and a jacket-the weather is unpredictable. Take the jungle cruise tour for a bit of down time (same with the submarine ride), a rest and a ride at the same time! The Matterhorn is finally open and 100% worth the line wait. Of course, just go and do everything-it's such a fun day or 3, worth the expense to spend time with friends and family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland used to be one of our favorite places to go. Now is awful. Starts when you get off freeway then get taken all around the place as the signs are awful and traffic even worse. Terrible the way they have reconfigured with all the construction, etc. making it hard. Used to be got off freeway and wend straight into parking. No more and good luck trying to follow signs. When you finally get to parking lot is nowhere close and you get to pay $20.00. They park you in so tight can barely open your doors. Of course did not stop people next to us from putting their doors into our car. Then you get to walk almost quarter mile to wait in line for a shuttle as you are so far away cannot walk to resort or take monorail, etc. anymore. You get to stand out in sun and wait. We waited over 40 minutes to get on. The bus is at least air conditioned but they cram you in like sardines. After 15 minute ride you get dropped off and get to walk to multiple rounds of security where you get rudely treated by security. Minimum wage security with attitudes. Felt sorry for person in front of us. They are awful and make your day start out great (sarcasm). Now finally in get to deal with long lines, high prices, strollers slammed into you all day long. So expensive almost $150 on value day. Bring lots of water. They do not even shade the wait lines or have spray water like Universal Studios, Knotts or Magic Mountain to name a few. Of course for their workers they do but forget their guests. Rudest people ever and to top off when we returned to car our hubcap was stolen. Of course not their fault so $20 gets you nothing as no security or anyone trying to help or make your visit enjoyable.  Awful place now so save your money!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Don't fall for the Magic Hour sales pitch. \u00a0Nowhere do they tell you that only part of the park is open early; not all of it. \u00a0When we went last week we rushed to Space Mountain only to be told it was closed and they were not giving out fast passes. \u00a0We went on another ride and checked again. \u00a0Still closed. \u00a0Decided to go to the teacups and those were closed as well. \u00a0Went to the Matterhorn and the line was ridiculously long (and this was a Tuesday during Magic Hour. \u00a0I guess because other rides were closed). \u00a0Checked on Space Mountain. \u00a0Still closed. \u00a0Decided to head to the other side of the park only to find out that those areas were not part of Magic Hour and we had to wait until 10:00. \u00a0By the time we did the other side of the park and went back to get a fast pass for Space Mountain the times was between 3:40 - 4:40 p.m.. \u00a0Waste!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wife &amp; I Bought a 1 day ticket to accompany our kids to Disneyland on Tuesday July 18th. Boys had 3 day passes and had used 2 already. We assumed Tuesday would be a slower day, but how wrong we were.   Had we showed up at 8am instead of 10am, we may have gotten on a few rides. However by 10am the rose lines were 60-80 minutes and growing and fast passes were for 5-6pm on any of the good rides (Indiana Jones, splash Mtn, guardians, etc. it's now 12:45, and we are leaving the park, having only ridden the Matterhorn, and that was only because we chose to do single rider and ride at different times. Thunder mountain was over a 1 hour wait, pirates, 60 minutes, splash mountain 60 minutes &amp; Haunted Mansion was closed once we decided to rise that hoping the line would be shorter. \u00a0While I didn't publicly complain, there are a lot of mad people vocalizing their anger throughout the park.   What's worse, getting around the park when this busy is a nightmare. Strollers, wheel chairs, unattended kids (all of which I believe have the same rights to come and enjoy as I do) could not get through and many of the main thoroughfares were blocked by either too many people or Disney ropes way outside the rides because the lines were so long. I can't believe the fire Marshall's allow this many crowded people. It is ripe to be shut down, though I am sure Disney owns the town of Anaheim and it will never happen.   Finally, the employees attitudes could not be worse and simply asking an anticipatory question, I.e. \"is it really 60 minutes or could it be shorter or longer based on what you guys are timing\", or why is a Tuesday so busy?\" \u00a0Was met with an eye roll and an idiot glance. \u00a0  For all the blister about the \"Disney experience\", I don't believe it exists any longer. It's simply about maximizing revenue regardless of the experience. Disney has learned that the locals figure out the right days and times and don't complain too much and everyone else (out of towners) that spend 5-6 times the amount for a single day are stuck and have to make the best of it as there is simply a non stop supply of new Kids and the marketing will always make them scream for Disney.   Regardless, I paid $130 for a 1 day park hopper ticket, my kids paid $225 and am leaving after 1 single rider lane ride on the Matterhorn and will never return. \u00a03 hours in the park, 1 ride without experiencing it with my family for $600. Biggest scam I have run into.   As a disclaimer, 4 years ago, we booked a Florida Disney package for $6000, including room and board and the experience there was the same, with just more heat and humidity. After 2 days we asked for the rest of our stay money back and went 2 days early to the beach.   You have fooled me twice now ($4000 later), I assure you it won't happen again.   Knots berry Farm was a better experience and it's much cheaper. Don't be fooled by the \"Disney Experience\" it no longer exists.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This horrible ass expensive place for no reason fuc#ed up my birthday!!! We purchased tickets in advance for them to block out the days I wanted to day go. Fuc# Disneyland I never want to come back here. These ppl are beyond money hunger!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been to the Disneyworld and Universal in Florida. \u00a0I liked Disneyland better as it was not as big and was set up so it would be easy for people to figure out where they are and where to go. \u00a0There is also actually a designated smoking area which is very nice and surprising for California. \u00a0The rides were all great and I went on the perfect weather day during the week in April which is a perfect time to go. \u00a0Tickets cost less; it's not hot yet and the lines for the rides are much shorter. \u00a0They also allow you to bring food and beverages in the park (no glass) however the restaurants were regular price. \u00a0The kiosks that sell drinks, snacks, etc. are much more expensive. \u00a0Everyone I encountered there, locals including the staff were very nice, cheerful and helpful. \u00a0I think it's a great park for both adults and kids. \u00a0However even though I went during the slowest time of year we still bought the fast pass for an extra $10.00. \u00a0I highly recommend it. \u00a0Basically it helps you avoid long wait times as you get priority and if it's a popular ride go to the rides you think you want to go on and if they are busy use your fast pass and come back at the time stamped on your ticket. \u00a0You can also only use the fast pass one ride at a time. \u00a0Preferred parking is around $40.00 so if you are not far I would consider taking uber. \u00a0It was so nice to be dropped off and picked up at a place like that. \u00a0I live about 40 min away from Annaheim and it was cheaper for me to take Uber than drive and park plus the convenience.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Long lines, far away $15 parking, \u00a0food is expensive, even a water bottle is super expensive, most of the rides are for kids, adults who act like kids... how can even submit myself to that and call it fun? They keep raising the price annually and it costs about $1000 or more to bring your family for one day. How can this possibly be the happiest place on earth when you spend most of your time waiting in line for a two minute thrill and if its hot then even worse, wait in long lines in the heat. The water misters only can do so much. Back when Disneyland was affordable it used to be the happiest place on earth. Now its the most expensive 1 day family trip on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The GUESTS at Disneyland Aneheim are the rudest of them all. the guests make it the unhappiest place on earth. Thanks", "rating": 1}, {"text": "When we lived in Huntington Beach years ago we had season passes and went every week. The kids loved it and today they didn't enjoy it. Especially after three rides broke down while we were on them. Horrible experience. I doubt they'll want to come back which is sad because they are only 7, 5 and 3. At least they let us borrow an umbrella during one of the breakdowns.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Fun time. Until....... we were on Alice in wonderland ride and we parked our stroller. Like we always have and like EVERYONE DOES. \u00a0Disney employees moved our stroller because the parade was starting. They ADMITTED as much. No Big deal. Hours later our stroller is nowhere to be seen after we and security have searched. Our rental car keys are in that stroller. Not to mention my iPhone. Had to walk home from the park. Can't take an uber since we have 2 babies and no car seats. Brought our car seats from home that are now locked in a rental car we can't get into. Disney does not care. Went to city hall or whatever twice. Called 3 times. Supposed to be a fun trip. NOT. Don't touch my stuff.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Yes to Disneyland! Specifically-The Tiki Bar at the Disneyland is our new favorite hitspot for yummy food. Outdoor seating with a live band playing Hawaiian music. No reservations needed- sit and be served! The food is priced $10-$14 per meal and great sizes! Cozy corners and options for couch or table and chair. The food is great and they have themed cups for all types of drinks. Not to mention there is a cute black cat that roams around and visits diners. Love it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We just returned from our annual trip to Disneyland. \u00a0What a disappointment! \u00a0Every year the park is more and more crowded and this year was by far the worst. \u00a0We were herded along like cattle by stressed \"cast members\", and we were unable to enjoy the attractions due to the extreme overcrowding. \u00a0The lines for the rides were insane, even though we specifically booked our trip on weekdays (Monday through Friday because, historically, weekdays are much quieter than weekends). It was a necessity to get ''fast passes\" if you wanted to ride any of the more popular rides. Many of the \"fast passes\" would sell out by late morning so you find yourself in line to get a fast pass only to have to come back late that evening (we stood in line to get one of our fast passes at 11am and got a \"return time\" of 9:10-10:10 pm!)! \u00a0There are mandatory wait times in between fast passes so you have two hours to kill before you can get another one. \u00a0It seems like there are parades every hour and that mucks up the walkways horribly. \u00a0When the parades are happening, you've then got overcrowded walkways even more congested by people sitting on the floor for over an hour before the show in order to be able to see the parade. \u00a0The streets of Disneyland were just overflowing with confused, stressed, tired people trying to navigate despite blocked-off walkways and \"one-way only\" sidewalks. \u00a0It really sucks that none of my three kids were able to ride their favorite rides (It's a Small World, Star Tours and Matterhorn) but the worst part is that the crowding is a huge safety issue. \u00a0If there were any reason to panic (earthquake, fire, emergency of any kind), people would be trampled--there is no doubt. \u00a0We brought our concerns up to some of the employees and we were shuttled along with a \"thank you, please keep moving\" response. Another employees smiled and said \"Actually, we aren't even at capacity today\" as if he were proud of the fact that they could legally stuff more unhappy customers into the park. \u00a0Insane. \u00a0My husband and I both have fond memories of Disneyland, but I'm afraid it's very different now, and all in order to increase revenue. \u00a0 Walt would be rolling in his grave, and with good reason.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I had a very bad experience the last time I went there with my family. First, I have an injury in my knees, so I can't be standing up for a long time without feeling pained so that is why when I go to theme parks I carry with me a small and foldable bench (really small, those that cost $1). At the entrance, they told me I could not go in with my bench, and that I had to store it in their lockers. Thing is that lockers where $12! That is a theft! The worst thing was that once I got in, I saw another lady carrying a bench that was three times the size the one I had! I went to guest services and they just told me \"we probably didn't see that bench at the door, sorry but next time you should probably ask for a wheelchair\". Are you for real???!! Then, I don't know why but all cast members looked so annoyed and miserable doing their jobs that it really made us feel uncomfortable. That is supposed to be the \"happiest place on earth\" and none of the cast members that greeted us looked happy at all, some of them were even rude and didn't even know what the word \"courtesy\" was, truly disappointed with that! Then, I was given misleading directions twice! I was literally sent to the opposite side of the park twice! Common people! I can't walk a lot and you send me to the opposite direction twice??? With my whole family?? This experience literally ruined the memories I had of all my past experiences in Disney, it made me feel really disappointed and felt really bad for my little sister.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I went to Disneyland Sunday. I was a little nervous about going because I was recently diagnosed with a health issue. I didnt know if being in a wheel chair would be hard. \u00a0We explained the situation and everyone was so caring and accommodating. \u00a0Alot of the rides I could get my wheel chair right up there to get on. \u00a0Employees were very nice and even helped me on. I got pictures with minnie, mickey, pluto,mulan, \u00a0snowhite and cinderella and they were all so sweet to me. It made my night. I had such a fantastic time. All the employees \u00a0were amazing. Thank you to them all for making this special. \u00a0Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. \u00a0I've \u00a0always had a good time but this time was magical", "rating": 5}, {"text": "frist time to disneyland had the worst experiences ever starting with getting search when i came in. the buzzer went off so they used the wand on me. he wave the wand on me like three times each side and than the he waved it on my belt buckle like three or four times no problem with all that. he told me to flip my belt buckle did it ask me again did it again, did it a fourth time that's when i flip out what is you looking for i don't got nothing, he wanted me to do it again by the way this guy name is adam brea, ca is what his name tag and then we was already going thought a issue with a potty for the baby so they said we couldn't bring it in so we wanted to put it in a locker and the security guy josh said we couldn't go to the lockers to put the potty in cause it was to big to fit mind you he offer us fast passes to take the potty back to the room so for about 20 minutes we was like let go over to the locker to see if it fit so after 20 minutes he walked us over there to see if it fits witch it went right in no problem then he tried to apologize to us after the stuff with the belt i think they tried to humiliate me in front of all them people those guys josh and adam those guys need some type of training cause i really feel like i was single out so after all that it took us a hour and five minutes to get in the park, so remember i told you he offer \u00a0us two fast passes to take the potty back to the room, so i ask him can we get the two fast passes he said no even after he wouldn't let us go to the lockers i really really felt like i was harassed this josh was sarcastic trying to act like he was professional but i wish i would of recorded it that where i mess up so when y'all go to this place watch for these two dude especially security guy josh cause i sure as hell know that was racist behavior", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can be said that hasn't been said already about the happiest place on earth? My wife and I started to come to the park on an annual basis since 2011. Now that we have a child, it makes the experience even better.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Pixar fest going on right now, it's so magical as everything else on Disneyland. Sully is my favorite car\u00e1cter and the have a pop corn container right now!! I could left without it! The Pixar parade is similar to. Parade they had on California adventure before but the added some of the latest movies characters. My favorite ride is the Big Thunder, it is totally worth the wait in line. A juicy turkey leg and and a yummie clam chowder are musts for me.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Sadly , I think this will be our last year as annual pass holders . The boys are growing up with more responsibilities with school and sports and we won't be able to go like we used to plus it's just too costly now .  I know it's expensive , but Disneyland really is a magical place . Sometimes I would dread going because of the crowds but once I got to Disneyland it was so nice , it really is a very happy place and there is no place on earth like it ! \u00a0 Thank you Disneyland for the past 4 years , we would go every Tuesday and it would be something the boys would look forward to . We have many happy memories and pictures we could look back on . Tuesday's always meant beignets and ice cream on Main Street and a dinner at downtown Disney . It meant a Pirate ride \u00a0, Indie , Matterhorn, and thunder mountain . We've enjoyed the decorations of every season and our little one wearing his pirate costume until it couldn't fit anymore . Tuesday's meant wearing Mickey ears and just time with each other . Aweeee..,,Kinda makes me sad as I write this.  Thank you Disneyland , you will always have a special place in our hearts .", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If you're a passholder you're going to have to start calling and check if valid days are correct. I visited today, had my pass and was denied access, saying that it was a blackout day for me. I ask \"How is that possible the app says today is a valid day for me\" and I showed the staff proof that it in fact said that. The thing that angered me the most is that my friend and I have the same pass and they LET HER IN. I went to guest services and they still refused me access. Why am I paying almost $400 a year and have them not allow me in when I'm paying for it?? There was only 4 hours left to be in the park anyways, are you guys really hurting that much??? If I'm paying for a service, I should be allowed to use it", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family and I are annual passport holders will continue to be Disney fans. We are on the waitlist for Disney club 33. Fingers crossed and we have been waiting since my daughter was 1 years of age and this year she will turn 14!!! What a magical place on earth.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Darlene, in the Disneyland ticket booth on August 2nd was great! \u00a0She helped us with our somewhat complicated Signature Plus request. \u00a0She was SO helpful and knowledgeable. \u00a0All done with a warm and friendly smile. \u00a0Walt would have been proud!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is not the happiest place on earth!!! We purchased $1,300 in online tickets as a thank you to our employees...when we got to Disneyland with our tickets we were told that they were invalid because Disneyland thought it was fraud. \u00a0No call or anything! So now all of our employees have had to buy their own overpriced ticket and we will have to reimburse them. What is so irritating about the whole thing is Disney's attitude...they have been extremely rude and dismissive...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland has always been the happiest place on earth!!! Until now. I went with my wife and we had a bad experience. This place was extremely packed. We were there for maybe 10hours and probably 80% of the time we had someone within 1ft of us. The crowds are unbelievable, you will literally feel like you're at a chicken farm. I can't imagine how much this is hurting their brand. I know they've already raised the prices but it need to be raised so much higher. I would be okay with paying $200 per person for a park hopper to see far less people and wait maybe 15-30min less per ride. 2 hour wait for Cars?? I know it's popular but this is a representation of the bigger problem. I can't imagine being a parent and bringing my kids to this mess. Disneyland needs to sell less tickets within a day to continue to have people believe it is the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland Resort Annual Passport  Beware there is no incentive to renew your passport early as the Disney company computes your days starting on the day your renew not the date your card expired.  2011 started my annual premium passport 10/4/2011  2012 renewed my annual premium passport 10/1/2012 got my card in the mail showing my new expiration date as 10/1/13, not 10/4/2013.  2013 renewed my annual premium passport 9/22/14, got card with no date on it but was assured my correct expiration date was in the system. \u00a0When I went to the park yesterday 9/25/14 I was denied parking and entrance until I renewed my annual pass as it shows in the system as expiring 9/22/14.  Therefore, there is no incentive to renew early as they rip off your days.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great park but lines are WAAYYYY TOO LONG AND ALWAYS BUSY.  Other than that had a good time with the family!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney is a Communist Corporate piece of crap. The only reason \" Mickey Mouse \" has white gloves is to better grab your money Period! I do not frequent Disneyland much anymore I know the truth behind the mouse. However I'm outraged today to find out they are revoking annual passes for reselling souvenirs who the f*** are you mouseboy to tell people what they're going to do after they pay your ridiculous prices for products. What Disney should work on, not costing over $50 for a hot dog and a coke for a family of four. Most people do not know this, However having two medically challenged children and spending 10 days at Disney World. Disney is one of the hardest organizations for charity organizations to work with. The reality is Disney is not into charity at all. Not even willing to supply a wheelchair when a child collapses inside their Park. (You may rent it) lol. \u00a0However charity foundations are more than welcome to purchase tickets from them no matter how you slice it the mouse gets his money. Here's a little shout-out to the mouse.  \" I personally don't know about other facilities you run around the world or in third world countries however here in America when a person regardless Who You Are purchases a product it is now the consumer's product and what that consumer chooses to do with it is the consumers right. Disney your way out of line here you have no right to tell anyone anything especially after paying your ridiculously high prices for your products.\" \u00a0My $ .02 which is the last Disney will see...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "where do I start .. first things first be prepared to spend money and plan accordingly ! Disney has an app that you guys can download that shows the times of the wait for rides, who are the characters that are roaming around, show times, rsvp for restaurants , bathroom areas and so on. If the wait for the rides are long don't forget to get your fast pass! Come in comfy clothing and shoes because there will be lots of walking to do !   I've been coming here as long as I can remember . I honestly love Disney in general. No matter how old I am you will be able to find me here, I know that it's an very expensive place to be at but there's really something magical about disneyland that always makes me so excited to come here and leave happy to the point where I ended up being an annual pass holder for the last 4-5 years.   For all the first timers , I highly suggest you buy your tickets ahead of time it does help expedite the process also if anyone is wondering the parking is now $20. Disney has the cutest/coolest merchandises ! You can find anything here from kitchen ware, aprons, T-shirts, plush dolls, candy, you name it I'm pretty sure you'll be able to find it.   The theme park is filled with many varieties of food. Make sure when you come grab that turkey leg, dole whip ice cream, cream cheese pretzel, &amp; lastly don't forget about those churros ! There's just so much endless things to do and write about Disney it's insane! I love it here, it's the most magical place on earth.   To end this review I just want to say Walt Disney is an genius!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland sucks!! We spent 1.5 hours in line at the Matterhorn and it broke down right before getting on. Then we went to Space Mountain and waited 45 minutes for it to break down. After that we waited an hour at Star Tours. Guess what it broke down before getting on. We went back to Space mountain and waited 2 hours. We were standing there waiting to board and it broke down again. I went to talk to management and was offered nothing. What a disappointment for two young kids that drove 1500 miles to have amazing memories of Disneyland. We will never be back. I don't think things could have been worse.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We came here for a family vacation. \u00a0Disneyland could be fun, but honestly Disney Corp. needs to rethink the magic. \u00a0<a href=\"/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FIt.is.so&amp;s=d86778bb12a54e2e3e304d8fd42c47004304e4d481352740bc52f4a420240a6f\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">It.is.so</a> crowded. \u00a0Awful lines, terrible wait times. \u00a0The only good thing is being able to get fast passes, but when you show up at 10 am and the next fast pass distribution is for a time 8 hours later it is a bit ridiculous.  Happiest place on Earth is a farce, it is crowded and really not that enjoyable. \u00a0I haven't been here since a kid, but my family which we travelled with come often and we all left today due to the crowds. \u00a0All the big rides had wait times well over 50 minutes. \u00a0We didn't pay all this money to stand all day in lines for a 5-10 minute ride. \u00a0  This trip has been a let down in many ways.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What a wild time. Growing up Disneyland was always a place I wanted to go, but my parents would never take us kids. Fast forward into my adulthood, and you bet your ass I got tickets to Disneyland. This place did not disappoint. I can say it is one of the happiest places on the planet. I'm not sure if they pump certain pheromones into the air, or what they put into the water, but \"Golly\" it's a blast.   I'm going to keep this post short and just fill it with Pictures.   One note I will say is, go to Star Wars Galaxies Edge. It's one of the most immersive lands they have. Seriously I forgot I was in Disneyland. It is amazing.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We had the vip tour with Aaron. An amazing guide, lot of knowledge and good energy. Thank you very much and see you again for sure!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "For the price, the crowds and the underwelming food offerings I will pass unless someone can get me in for free. I can see why kids love this place, but adults is another story that I simply cannot fathom. Magic Mountian is the best for the adult crowd, just a bit far for those living in the OC. Knotts Berry Farm is a far better deal, especially at $59 - $130 for an annual pass. The most expensive pass is blackout free, includes parking, entrance to soak city season round and entrance to any of the affiliated parks.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland had a 5-hour power outage on one of its busiest days on December 27, 2017. \u00a0For the holidays, people had come from all over our country to \"The Happiest Place on Earth.\" \u00a0 Because of the extended power outage, people were essentially stood frozen among shoulder-to-shoulder with all guests and hyped children for 5 LONG hours. \u00a0With many requests for refunds, Disney, in its infinite wisdom AND greed, refused ALL refund requests....a typical senior management, liberal feeling of absolute entitlement.  Come on, Gov. Jerry Brown and the City of Anaheim! \u00a0Get involved with this greedy absurdity and directly \"suggest\" to Disney that they \"may\" want to reconsider their denial action. \u00a0 Disney can, AT LEAST, extend rain checks to its \"guests\" who opened up their shallow wallets and purses!  As for me, I hope to NEVER EVER step into Disney's world again to line the pockets of its management and owners with hard-earned money of \"guests\" who have more appropriate and more basic financial needs. \u00a0Despicable.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "went to disneyland to enjoy instead went to jail because we had a small argument because someone called for security do not go there they will rip you off \u00a0with food/toys do your research people die IN disneyland i'm never coming back to disneyland", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I emailed you guys December 12th and haven't gotten anything. You're so fast for making prices go up but don't care about anything else. This theme park is seriously extremely packed now not worth it sad and sick that you have disgusting people working there. Happiest place I think not I've been coming to this place for years since I was a little girl.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Came to Disney today with the family and only to find out parking was a mess and unorganized! I feel like I paid just to ride in my car for 2 hours. The sucky feeling of still having to be stuck in my car with my kids for that long sucked! No organization with parking exiting the freeway only to be turned around back where I started.  Not only that but having to walk 2/3 block to catch a bus to still take in the park. What kind of ridiculous is that.  I'm a local and this has just made my experience not so magical. I may only be one family of trillions but still not something I want to experience again if I ever decide to come back..  Disney has turned into $$$$ what happen to keeping it magical for the next generation. Walt must be turning in his grave with disappointment. Sorry Disney but not to happy with today's experience. I'm surprised I'm not being charged just to view the park from the outside!  Cheers!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Do you like endless lines, expensive admission prices, and inedible food? \u00a0Yes? \u00a0Well, then this is the place for you.  There's no magic left in the \"Magic Kingdom.\" \u00a0It's become a charlatan's home where the only goal is to take funds from your pocket, while giving you as little value for those funds as possible.  I used to love the park, now I dread the prospect of going. \u00a0Mayhaps one day it will once again become the charming, and enjoyable park I remember, but I won't hold my breath.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I fucking love Disneyland so much - I always have so much fun and it's always great when I go to Disneyland I feel like a kid every time and love the cream cheese pretzels", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's my heaven on earth. No matter how many cons I \u00a0will never be happier at another destination. Transported into a magical world where I get to leave all my pain and worries outside.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "After a number of trips to Disney World, this was our first visit to Disneyland. It was wonderful! \u00a0Being old enough to remember Walt Disney and the opening of Disneyland, this was special. \u00a0Fantasyland is similar to the one at Disney World, and that is great. My 4-year-old granddaughter was wholly taken in by all of the princesses and the Disneyland Princess Experience (Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique). \u00a0The California Experience was not quite as thrilling, but still an interesting stop. \u00a0And if you're into the Marvel characters, they've got plenty of them.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Made it to Disneyland. I do say this is the happiest place on earth. You know it's dealing with the crowds that get me. Thank goodness for the fast passes. These make it so much easier.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disney, this year we came with our 7 month old baby and she had a blast. She was so happy. I will say it's easier when the kids are bigger like my 8 year old but dad and him got in the big rides. Bella and I visited small world and took lost Of pictures. advice to you all! Go on the weekday if possible . We went Tuesday and Wednesday and it was a blast !", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Park amazing itself. Very interesting for kids. Lines are terribly long 1-2 hours waiting for 30 seconds ride. We were on Friday.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love going to Disneyland with my mom especially in the morning early because you can get on most of the rides then. There are no lines early in the morning. Plus mom and I see ducks as well. The service is awesome when you go eat at Disneyland at a restaurant. Plus the cast members are very nice to.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Who says you need to be a kid to enjoy the Disneyland Park. One can be a kid at any age! We are Disneyland Annual Pass holders and have really enjoyed the sights, sounds and colors at Disneyland Park and CA Adventure last year, and are looking forward to having more fun this year. It's not often when one can say that you go to Disneyland, not take any rides and still have fun. This happened on our last visit... we literally didn't take any rides! However, we totally loved the Holiday and Christmas lights, and just walked around checking out the various decorations and festivities. The high note was Fantasmic show that was simply awesome!! No words can describe the pageantry and pomp that accompanied this show. Let's just say, we were just blown away.  Enjoyed the many adventure spots on the Tom Sawyer island... \u00a0felt like a kid all over again! Don't forget to walk across the Pontoon bridge, \"climb\" up the treehouse, go hide and seek in the caves and find the pirate's treasure on the island... Totally fun! Totally cool...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Overcrowding ruined our experience. Even if you love amusement parks and are used to long lines, like me, you have to prepare yourself to be dissatisfied because Disneyland is really a whole other animal. Everything was packed and I couldn't really enjoy the sights of Main Street and the castle. We couldn't even find a place to sit and eat because everything was reserved. To the people who say you have to strategize your day and devise a plan to get on the rides, clearly you go all the time and have learned from several experiences and/or are a local who hops in and out with annual passes. Traveling from out-of-state and only being able to get on 4 rides is a travesty. The experience was disappointing and, sadly, I may never go back again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Far from delighting us with world class customer service Disneyland ticket agents shunted us from window to window to hotel to visitor services in search of 4 to 8 pm twilight admission tickets. Apparently they aren't sold on-site despite what various Disney employees will tell you. We wound up just leaving for the airport early annoyed for the bother of it all and wondering how Disney gets speaking engagements touting their innovative customer care when clearly the walk doesn't match the talk.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland my family and I have been going since I was 2 years old Disney is so clean and the people that work there are so nice", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Never too old for this place! All ages except for newborns will have an amazing time and hopefully continue to come here as they grow up like myself. Of course peak seasons have crazy wait times, but this time we got lucky. And now that they have the Max Pass for $10 more... totally worth it! Also, churros and turkey legs!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "WORST RIP OFF EVER. So I bought a ticket to go to Disneyland for October 27, 2017 and I bought my ticket online. I bought a regular ticket for full price so I was under the impression that they were open all night. It said NOTHING about the park closing early. So here I am ready to go on Pirates of the Caribbean when I got rudely interrupted by one of the employees telling me and my boyfriend that we have to leave in a disrespectful manner. I explained to them that I paid FULL PRICE for my ticket and when I bought my actual online ticket it said nothing about the park closing at 7pm. They told me that I could get a hopper pass for $100 more for my boyfriend and I to go over to California Adventure because they were open until midnight. NO WAY I am not made out of endless cash. We left very sad and angry. I saved up for this trip, took all the shifts I could at work to pay for this and planned everything out.   Customer service was HORRIBLE over the phone and no one showed any signs of caring about this issue. I received an e-mail stating that MANY GUESTS complain about the same thing that Disneyland just did to me. So not only does this greedy corporation make you pay full price for a half day but they purposely put the park hours in tiny print on their \"calendar\" so that they can point that the hours are listed without notifying you properly when you make your online ticket purchase. I WANT A REFUND or NEW TICKETS. I had a horrible experience with customer service and will not be returning here any time soon.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I never write reviews but this Disney trip has been miserable there's nothing magical anymore about Disneyland the employees have been so rude and pushy I will never travel to a Disney park again please save your money and go to anything but a Disney park my wife is pregnant and we have a two-and-a-half-year-old son so every once in a while she needs to slow down and take a minute but in Disneyland that's not an option you are pushed along the sidewalks by some punk teenage kid with a glow rod telling you you can't stand here. Many rides have been closed and not opened the Pooh ride Splash Mountain It's a Small World Davy Crockett Island the sailing ship plus since we're staying at a Disney Resort you get an hour early entry which really gets you nothing 75% of the park is still closed until the regular entry it's a joke do not stay at Disney please", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Twas bound to happen sooner or later. \u00a0The magic that was Disney has been replaced by money grubbing bottom liners. \u00a0I was there recently and admittedly I had a good time, but it turned out to be a trip to just another theme park. \u00a0Disneyland is now coasting on its name and reputation without making the effort to justify the reputation anymore and this can't last forever. \u00a0I recently visited the park and I noticed significant changes from past years:  - Prices are way more \"gougey\" than they used to be. \u00a0Granted one expects to spend a lot of money here, but food prices used to be at least fair. \u00a0Now it's $9 for two bottles of water. - Cast members have lost their sense of cheer. \u00a0I remember interacting with folks at Disney in years past when they were genuinely happy to talk to you. \u00a0Now they looked overworked and stressed. - The rides. \u00a0Oh my the rides. \u00a0Every major ride was closed for at least part of the day. \u00a0For those of you who don't know better, this is not \"normal\" or least wasn't the norm 20 years ago. \u00a0This smacks of poor operator training, insufficient maintenance schedules, and overworked rides. \u00a0I am paying hundreds of dollars to be at this park. \u00a0The least you could do is make sure it's in working order. - The crowds. \u00a0You expect the park to be busy but when it too crowded to walk from one place to another without having to shuffle along at 1 mph because of all the people also trying to move from one place to another it's too much. \u00a0But if Disneyland limited the number of people in the park they would lose money.  I'm afraid that this was my last trip to Disneyland, and this makes me sad. \u00a0I've been going to Disneyland for 40 years. \u00a0It was such an amazing place for so long and now future generations will never get to experience what Walt Disney truly wanted to provide for people. \u00a0Instead they will be treated to the shell of a dream that is maintained by marketers and is intended only to lure the unsuspecting into spending as much money as they can to buy something that, frankly, just doesn't exist anymore.  RIP Disneyland", "rating": 1}, {"text": "adrian at guest services is a guy with a whole lot of attitude. he looks at things in the negative way and is ridiculously annoying and his breath is stanky. he gave is tmi about his dingleberry, disgusting, i am scarred for life. and chris has to come out to", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on Earth!! Havent been to Disneyland and California Adventure park in years! Spent 4 funtabulous days in Disneyland.   BEAT THE LINES  TIP you can beat the long lines by purchasing a fastpass. You can purchase it up to 30 days prior or 60 days for hotel guest. Limited daily supply.  With the fastpass you can reserve a time for rides, shows, restaraunts. Etc Some ridgelines has a 2 hour wait!! My favorite splash mountain!! Unfortunately it is NONrefundable... \u00a015 mins after we purchased our fast past a thunder shower swept thru, so we purchase the fast pass and couldnt use it.  The food choices are amazing. My personal favorite is corn on the cob and clam chowder in bread bowl. Fantastsmic show was fantasmic!! Entering and exiting the park was easy. \u00a0The best parking lot is Toy Story lot. Buses are readily available. Buses have Ac and heater.   Buses drops you right at the entrance. Crowd control was done in an orderly manner. Parades was super fun and entertaining.  Let's make some magic happen!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's been a few years since I have made my way to Disneyland, but I \u00a0so happy I came back if only to make my way through the new Star Wars: Galaxy Edge area. I was ready to ditch my friends just to sit and absorb the space all day. The fact that I got to help Chubacha sneak past some Empire Storm troopers who were looking for him and got to get a photo with Rey was icing on the cake for me.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The Most Magical Place in The North American Continent [Period]", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My mother, niece and I went to Disneyland on Saturday, May17, 2014. \u00a0 Half the rides were closed and we were charges $137.00 for a Hopper. \u00a0I am a Southern California native and have been going to Disneyland for years. \u00a0This was the worst experience for us all. \u00a0I will not be returning and the fees went up on May 18, 2014 to $156 for a hopper between the Park and California Adventures. \u00a0Horrible!!!! \u00a0It saddens me because I don't think that Walt Disney was in it for the money$$$$$. \u00a0It's really bad now.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "THANKSGIVING DAY 2018 at Disneyland was AMAZING!!!!!!  Wow! What a fun filled day. \u00a0We started at 8am sharp and finished at midnight and had a great time!  My husband and I, along with our 20 year old daughter, decided to brave the Thanksgiving day crowds and spend the entire day at Disneyland.   Let me tell you... I did SO much research trying to figure out what the crowds were going to be like because even though I LOVE everything Disney, I do NOT like 2 hour ride lines. ugh.  I ended up paying for a 90 day subscription to <a href=\"/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ridemax.com&amp;s=0c69f188f7ac0bb0ba017a9188115f2d0c0509d5b69ad4b5e2f3b76d1df34e0c\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">ridemax.com</a> and it literally was the best thing ever. \u00a0We did not wait in any line more than 20 minutes. It was simply amazing. \u00a0(we did wait for the parade, fireworks and fantasmic for about 1 hour to ensure we had good viewing spots... but we pre-planned those times where we got our BIG OL TURKEY LEGS and sat and waited. perfect) \u00a0and BTW... this was my first year trying the Disneyland turkey leg... holy turkey-ness! \u00a0those things are TO DIE FOR! \u00a0So yummy!!!!  I would HIGHLY suggest you do the following: 1) Purchase your tickets ahead of time and download the Disney mobile app. 2) Purchase MaxPass for only $10 more dollars per person and once you are in the park link your passes and maxpass. SO worth it! \u00a0You can get all your fast passes right on your phone AND all those great funny ride pictures Disney takes of you... all free downloaded to your phone! BAM! amazing! 3) purchase the ridemax plan and program your day and then ENJOY!  The Disneyland Park is so beautiful during the holidays. \u00a0All of the Christmas decorations are up and during the fireworks show it snowed on us and the snow smelled like gingerbread. \u00a0So amazing.. made me feel like a little kid again. \u00a0 The Christmas parade is great ending with an awesome Santa!  We will FOR SURE make this a Holiday tradition for our family from now on.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The crowd control at Disneyland is a JOKE! \u00a0I am a disabled U.S. military veteran with severe PTSD and anxiety. \u00a0My husband and I came last night to watch the MSEP. \u00a0We found curb seats, which happened to be right where a rope would be put. \u00a0We were right in front and the CM told us and several others waiting that we would have no problem being in front. Well when the time came for the rope to be put up, several families came and stood in front and the CM just told them to step back even after protest from the crowd there. \u00a0Not only now we're small children pushed to the back, but I was also physically pushed into the metal pole. \u00a0The CM have no concern about some of us being squished. \u00a0I was sent into a major panic attack and couldn't move. \u00a0My 6'4\" husband was so cramped and beat up by guests behind him that he wouldn't walk for an hour!!! We had to leave after that. \u00a0It completely ruined our night. \u00a0We both came home physically injured and today are even worse! \u00a0I can not believe the CMs are not trained for crowd control. \u00a0I ask for disabled accommodations and we're told there were no spots. \u00a0So instead of spending a nice night out with my husband I was physically and mentally abused by the guests and a few CMs at Disneyland. \u00a0This is just my experience, there were children there who's night was ruined by rude guests and CMs who didn't care! \u00a0Didn't do anything else that night due to the injuries!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "A visit to the park has been always fun. It brings out the kid, in me and it makes me feel young. The fireworks is awesome. It is a world of imagination.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We bought three $500 Disney Gift Cards before we came here. \u00a0We drove from Northern California to this location. \u00a0We realized we bought these three cards in error. \u00a0When we got home we could not get our money back. \u00a0This is terrible customer service on Disney's part. \u00a0I wrote them a letter and they refuse to work with us. \u00a0I thought they cared more than that. \u00a0I guess they are only out to get money and don't care about the customer any more. \u00a0What a shame. \u00a0I will be letting everyone I know and meet not to go there any longer.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The funny thing about Disneyland is your experience can be incredibly horrible or ridiculously amazing.   With Disneyland you really have to plan out everything and put into account all the factors throughout the day; parking, weather, meals, crowd size, getting wet or staying dry, where to get fast passes and much more.   Even if you don't plan it out you want to get an idea of what you want to accomplishment throughout the day.   Regardless of what you end up doing, Disneyland is able to offer you the feeling that was promise - the happiest place on earth.   Honestly there's just so much to do and so much to see. You really want to go multiple days to capture it all. Even if you do it may be overwhelming. You might also want to make sure you have a juicy budget for your trip.   My advice and conclusion: plan ahead - know what rides you want to get fast passes too and what shows to attend. Make your own meals or prepare to spend a lot on food. Explore what Disney characters are out to meet and greet. Take pictures to remember. And most importantly enjoy your time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I cry-ed the first part of the day, the school kids were their and were aloud to run amok, running into my small daughter and almost knocking her down, we waited 90 minutes or more to get on rides, 4 premium rides were not in service. Star wars was one of them, they were previewing it for their cast members but it was closed to us, I got to watch the employees ride for free but me and some guy from Australia was told it was for the employees only. the least you could do is do this at night when we don't have to watch your employees getting to ride the only ride at the place worth being on.. I am glad I did not come all the way from another country for WAY OVER CROWDING and NOTHING WORKING.. at my job stuff has to be working and I sure as heck don't get to preview anything if I want something I buy it like everybody else.. thank god for CAPTAIN EO, I couldn't even get on space mountain, the Blue Bayou would of cost me $150.00 PLUS TAX for 5 people and that's for the cheapest thing on the menu. For 2 mouse ear Headbands it cost $42.00, four dollars for a bottle of dasani water. plus the almost $ 500.00 dollars I paid to get in.. good gosh man... WHAT WOULD WALT DO??? it's alleged Michael Eisner makes $100.000 an hour.. I only hate one company more than greedy corporate Disney and that would be wal-mart shame on you both.... I GIVE KNOTTS BERRY FARM 5 PLUS STARS.. I could eat and buy a souvenir.. I LOVED KNOTTS BERRY FARM.. DISNEYLAND SO SO SAD I'LL NEVER GO BACK...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH DON'T MAKE ME SO HAPPY ANYMORE!  I have been coming to Disneyland every year for nearly 40 years now and never seen it this bad before!  My family and I was at Disneyland June 24th threw the 29th the parade was going on, and we was riding the train to Main Street Station at around 9pm, the train let us off, and sense the Main Street Train Station don't have a wheelchair accessible ramp, we had to wait to set the stroller up at the bottom of the stairs.  When we got to the bottom of the stairs we was setting up the stroller and was told we couldn't stand there in the walkway that we would have to keep moving. We told the employee, aka cast member, that we just got off the train and had to carry the stroller down the stairs and was setting up the stroller quickly and then we would be moving on, and was told stroller or not, we would still have to move because the parade was going on and we was in the no parade watching no stopping walkway. We then told the cast member we wasn't watching the parade we was quickly setting up the stroller. She said sorry but you still have to move! We wasn't even blocking others people from walking by.  Disneyland needs to train there employees, aka cast members, how to treat there guests. In the matter of 10 seconds it took to set up our stroller we had 3 cast members tell us there was no standing or stopping there while we are just setting up a stroller, that is Unecceptable!!!  We went to Disneyland City Hall on Main Street to make a complaint about the parade usher cast members, we told them if they don't want people getting off the train during the parade that they should just shut the train station, and trains down during the parade. And that this was unecceptable!!!  The cast member at City Hall said she agrees with us and what we are saying, but that there was nothing she could do about the parade ushering cast members. A complaint will be filed with Disneyland corporate office! Also I will be looking up the laws under the ADA (Americans with Disabilities Act) to see if this attraction is in violation of not having a wheelchair accessible ramp at Main Street Station.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The cast members suck these days!!! They give off so much attitude even to my 3 year old. So stupid! Some chick working on the jungle Cruz chewed out my daughter for going the wrong way.. SHES 3!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "DON'T DO IT!! DON'T DO IT DON'T DO IT DON'T DO IT! I know you want to...BUT DON'T! \u00a0It's not worth the money,bad service,broken rides,shoulder to shoulder shoving and the terrible food. DON'T DO IT! I feel you reading this and doubting me...DON'T! Go to Universal Studios instead! I did ALL THREE in 5 days. The 2 days at Disneyland and 1 in California Adventure were TERRIBLE. My kids hated it and cried most the time in 3 hour ride lines then threw up nasty food that night.  DON'T GET THE FLASH PASS. Its crap! What am I saying?! JUST DON'T GO! It's a parent trap! Every parent there is stressed out trying to make their kids happy but it's NOT possible! Its \"magically\" monstrous! Even the 30 dollar toy we bought broke within an hour. DON'T DO IT! We spent 6k and regret EVERY penny.  To every one at Disneyland...a big F you...you ruined a birthday, 5 years of savings and 2 little kids dreams all in a weekend.  Will NEEEEVVVEEEERRRRR go back!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love disneyland and expect to wait in line for rides \u00a0but I am pissed by the amount of waiting created by the staff. I understand how the fast pass system works but I'm in a line watching the staff allow 20 to 30 people go from fast pass at a time and 2 or 3 people from the regular line. It's bad enough to have to wait in a hour plus lines but to see the staff creating the problem is unacceptable. I have an annual pass and will never have one again my days were spent on a terrible line created by the staff. Very pissed \u00a0and unsatisfied with my time here", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Coming from a person with a disability that walks with a cane, the new parking is ridiculous! How do you figure that someone with a disability can walk further than a non disabled person? \u00a0We thought we had a prime parking spot in the bottom level of the Mickey and Friends parking structure but it was a nightmare. \u00a0  We even had workers who were standing by the barriers apologize in advance and told us that it's a long walk. By the time I got to the handicap bus, which is another joke, because it's further away than the trams, I was already exhausted and had to rent a wheelchair, which I never do.  My wife and I had a nice talk with guest services about this issue. Something needs to be done, like maybe open the barrier by the handicap parking and put a scanner there. The bus was right there for goodness sake. \u00a0Another thing was that there was no security in sight once we started walking back to our car behind the barricades and nobody could see us if something did happen because there are screens covering the chain link above the cement barricades.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Such an amazing place everything is perfect. There's always magic in every trip! The bathrooms are always clean the staff is always friendly, and if you have babies there's a baby care center that's just amazing!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Flying so far from Hawaii for Disneyland park. There were too many people travel Disneyland it is too crowded at this season  every ride or movie need to wait 30 min to 2 hours \u00a0too hot waiting in long long long line for get in...  It is better choose low season for Disneyland trip next time, otherwise you need to suffer hot weather , stinky air and \u00a0Stand in line so long to wait for each game or ride in crowded &amp; hot weather", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't love Disneyland. The only bad things are some prices and the lines but come on it's an amusement park. I've been a pass holder for about 5 years and now that I had my daughter last year I love to take her she's still little but it's a good place to keep her entertain her. I love the shows from the magical map to the parades all of them even took my daughter to the Disney jr show it was cute. Disneyland just brings you back to childhood and that's what I love about it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What's not to love it's Disneyland!! 5 stars all the way. I never have a bad experience here.  Always get the max pass, you'll save so much time!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I grew up with Disneyland. \u00a0And today it is my very last time I or my family of seven wouldever set foot in this place. \u00a0I went to the park to meet my grandson and brought my ukulele to play happy birthday to him. \u00a0Little did I know that security will not let musical instruments into the park under any circumstances \"it's on the website\" they told me. \u00a0They did offer to dispose of my $900 ukulele for me. \u00a0So I had to take the bus back to the parking lot. \u00a0On route, I get a call from my son who is also turned away because he had the audacity to bring a tripod stool in his backpack. \u00a0He had to also get on a bus to put it away. \u00a0 I understand security checks for security purposes... \u00a0but really?  So I buy a day pass and they decide to take a picture of me. \u00a0Not because they need to print it on the pass... but just because they take photos of everyone who enters the park. \u00a0Really?  I have never been to a park that felt more like a police state. \u00a0If it wasnt for my grandons birthday who was already in the park, we would haved saved the $800 entry fee. \u00a0Bit this is certainly the last time we ever go to Nazi-land.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We had such a great time at Disney! We met Pluto at Toontown and he was super cool. Thank you for walking my son around the park he had such a blast!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "One of my absolute favorite places to go to. It never disappoints. I have been many times before and never a bad experience. This year I went with my husband and daughter and it was by far the best Disney trip I've ever had. Just seeing her happy face and obsessing with all the characters was a delightful and entertaining experience. Dole whip float, churros and the turkey leg are a must have when I go there. The Pixar light parade was amazing!!! It's best going on a Monday, with the lesser coward. I also really love how they allow you you bring your own water. Because buying water in the park is expensive. Definitely going to try and make it a yearly family trip!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This being led in &amp; around the whole park just to be spit back out on the other end and further away from the parks is rediculous! You guys need to use those directory boards to DIRECT! Useless pieces of equipment of you dont utilize it for what its made for. Pretty stupid on how you guys direct your traffic. Just spent 52 minutes getting the run around....", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's the Happiest Place on Earth! This is the magical place that Walt Disney Himself poured his heart and soul into!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have had the worst experience ever with Sharon from customer experience services, It started when we went to Disneyland a few months ago, we go all the way up there to ride the pirates of the Caribbean and the madder-horn. Which we have never been on since whenever we went they were never opened. I wrote them online to explain how sad and upset i was. to make a long story short i called up there yesterday 4/10/17 to make sure everything was in order as planned for my trip today. Sharon was not customer friendly at all, she did nothing but interrupt me as i tried to explain my situation and what was promised to me, And she said several time that since it was not noted it was not said. She basically was calling me a liar when i had emails to prove it. However she end up finding it after she finally took a breath and decided to listen to me. Which was around 10 min later, And she still did not honor anything. I cannot believe they have someone who was so rude and inpatient speaking to people as if they are nothing to them. Disneyland is suppose to be magical and fun but i could not believe the things that came out of this ladies mouth SHAME on DISNEY for relaying on someone who obviously was having a bad day or does not care about customers. If i could give a half of a star for the way she handled this i would.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What was supposed to be the \"Happiest Place on Earth\", turned out to be the saddest for my autistic daughter. My husband and I are pass holders, and with disneyland being so expensive, \u00a0we make the most out of our visits. The star tours ride has to have the most difficult members working there. My daughter loves that ride, and every time we try to get on it, my daughter gets put down at least once. Her height is always a problem. She is autistic, I explain it every single time. And very rarely are we lucky enough to get someone that understands and is patient with measuring her. She has been on that ride countless times, and measuring her is difficult because she does not like other people touching her. Once the bar touches her head, she tilts to the side or bends her knees. But like I said, she is autistic! Something most cast members do not understand. They have zero patience. This last encounter I had with a cast member was the worst. \u00a0My husband and I always measure her right before we go on that way cast members can see before even getting in line. \u00a0Following the same routine, we got a fast pass (as always) and stood in line. By the time we made it to the front, a female cast member started to measure her. \u00a0I explained she was autistic so measuring her takes a few tries because she gets antsy and upset. \u00a0Obviously, \u00a0she did not care. She kicked us out of line fast, along with another rude worker. We measured her again out of line, while the woman was right next to me. I know she saw us, and she walked away. We decided to have another person measure her. As soon as we did, \u00a0the guy measuring her decided to bring a \"second opinion\" who just so happened to be one of the rude women who has something against autistic children. I constantly explained how we have gotten on the ride and how people that her DID let her on the ride measured her with patience. \u00a0A few seconds later, the other woman who saw me measure my daughter the first time decided to put her opinion in too, trying to embarass my daughter, screaming out \"Yeah I measured her already! She can't go on!\" My daughter gets upset when she is touched by strangers, and does not like how being measured feels, (which is why I have to help at times) the worker decided to get a little closer and talk to me as if I were stupid. I have never been so upset here after these workers tried to embarass us. My daughter cried and of course that upset me.  Later on that night, we had a guy who really was patient. He even told us while he was measuring her that she was leaning a lot. I then explained why she leans while getting measured. We got on. We always end up getting on because we know our daughter's height. We just get a few people that know how to handle autistic children. It's sad that she had to go through this. I wish I got the young man's name, but he was great. He really knew what he was doing and I admire his patience with our daughter. \u00a0As for the woman who clearly has no idea what autism is, I hope she gets a write up for how she treats parents and kids of autistic children or any child with a disability.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So much fun. Awesome fun family day, employees are helpful friendly entertaining at times. Some of the best memories of the summer in this day besides New York", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I've been to Disneyland 7 times over the past 15 years-it's lost it's \"magic\" for our family. \u00a0Please don't write rude comments on here about my views on Disneyland--this is just my experience. \u00a0Our kids range in age from 14-6....very frustrating that in 16 hours we can only ride 10-12 rides due to lines. \u00a0Then to even find a place to watch a parade is a joke. Had a very frustrating run in with some employees who wouldn't let us watch the parade from a back corner. \u00a0(couldn't find anywhere to stand). It's so packed we can't push a stroller. \u00a0We spent 2000 bucks for tickets and can't enjoy the place. \u00a0I totally went into it knowing the Disneyland experience is about waiting and long lines, but this trip just feels different. The trips we take there are always rides closed for some reason or another. I just feel like Disney can do whatever they want and people would still come and drop serious money there. \u00a0Prices are ridiculous, food is gross and staff is sometimes unfriendly and could care less about people's happiness. \u00a0The only thing they care about is $$$$. \u00a0They have serious job security anyway. \u00a0I think this will be our last visit here for many years. \u00a0I know they won't care and most of the visitors will be happy-one less family to worry about. \u00a0Probably the most frustrating thing for us is that it wouldn't truly matter if we complained. No one would care and it definitely wouldn't change a thing. I disagree with \"happiest place on earth\". \u00a0I say \"crappiest place on earth\".", "rating": 1}, {"text": "A couple of parantel tips:  \u00a0 \u00a0 -bring snacks because the food is pricey so bringing snacks is cheaper than buying snacks, of course the churros are a must when your inside but you can take other things along with water.    \u00a0 \u00a0-When deciding where to eat check to see if they have priority seating to the parades if its something you want to check out and get a package deal.   -Use the Disney app to order food from places that allow it,most times its quicker on the app then waiting in line and then waiting for your food. You can go look for a place to sit while you wait for the notification to appear that your food is ready, then simply pickup.   -Stay at a place thats walking distance from the park incase you/your child need \u00a0a rest break from the park since most likely itll be a long day.   -Use the Disney app to see what location/times characters will appear at that you want to see. If your not alone one parent can wait in line.  - Most people start looking for good parade spots about an hour in advanced start looking around that time and maybe bring something to keep you entertained while you wait and have your spouse do other activites with your child so they dont get bored.   -Dont forget the fast passes!  -use the line by the tiki entrance if you want dole whip, its shorter than the regular line!  -Check online to see when the park is expecting the least amount of crowds if you cant to crowded times.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is over rated and over populate!! You would think that charging 144 dollars per person they would have more employees working on sanitation, I've seen much cleaner rest rooms in Tijuana them parks then here. Not to say they all smell like death inside. They also offer fast passes for rides but it's only the ones they want and you have to reserve the time. You have to also reserve restaurants if you want to eat as well. My family and I went over the weekend and came back with the H1n1 flu!!!! Yes my 4 year old is still recovering from this disgusting place, she had fever for 3 days and continues on bed rest with a horrible cough!! These people don't care about sanitation \u00a0all they care is about making money and stuffing that park with a ton of people. The Happiest place on earth has officially turned into The dirtiest place on earth!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I absolutely love Disneyland! I would pay any price to get in! The food is so good, and this place always makes me happy. It's true what they say it's the happiest place in the world! I had a pass before covid ): can't wait for it to open back up completely for rides! Guardians is the best!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland and California adventure was an epic fail today every single ride was braking down. We would wait hours in line and to get told the ride is down. Then we got on to another ride just to tell us to get back off cuz if broke down. Horrible experience. Not renewing my pass", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Forever my favorite. I have the signature pass which allows us to come any day we want. Food is always great, and the employees are always so kind and helpful", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The OG. The one and only. The Happiest Place on Earth. Crowds were small (for Disney) and weather was perfect. I've been to Disney World a dozen or more times, but just recently was able to visit the original. While it doesn't boast the same sprawling space that the World does, you still feel very much immersed in Disney and like the outside world is far far away. I think several of the rides here are even better than the ones at the World, but they both have their positives and negatives. Would highly recommend for a day trip from LA!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Loved this place when i was 28 38 getn really hard Splash mountain down not too much fun without it", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Bring a camel pack and frozen fruit. With you Bring as much snacks into the park as you can because it's very expensive if you buy inside.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "no smoking areas!!!!! not cool, we all are not ca liberals! give us americans a place to enjoy our freedom to smoke!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "For what they charge rides should be fully operational. Mattehorn, Space mountain, and Indiana Jones went down yesterday after waiting in line so long. Splash mountain out of service until April 14th. Lame.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My little sister (who is disabled) and I, had passes to Disneyland 4 years ago and decided to try and get them again for her birthday since her health was better. Terrible idea!!!! OMG when we got there it took 30min just waiting for a tram in the hot sun. They only had two trams running at the time and I still don't understand why. \u00a0When we finally got into the park we were met with overcrowding and half of the rides broken down! She needed to be in a wheel chair for long days like that and for her disability. When we saw the lines were 1-2 hours long for practically all of their rides that weren't closed, I knew then that we would have some problems with her sitting in the hot sun and waiting in between all those people (she would have panicked) . When I asked about any accommodations from guest services, they would only give a ride \"Disability Fastpass\". Basically, you wait longer than most fastpasses (If the ride wait is 2 hours you wait 2 hours) to come back to just get in the fastpass line and wait even longer!!!! How is this an accommodation?! We were there for 7 hours and because of the crowds and ride  closures we only got on 3 rides!!! I regret ever getting the passes and wouldn't recommend it if you have a child with disabilities! Disneyland \u00a0at one point and time was a very happy place to visit with your family and be accommodating to every one. Now, they are just long wait times, little thrill, little imagination, rude people and vastly overpriced! (We went on 3 separate days and had same issues)", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'll never grow up, never grow up, never grow up!  UGH yes, I am a SLAVE to the mouse! I have not yet been disillusioned by the rising ticket prices and crying kids! I have an AP (lowest tier so I don't hemorrhage too much money), and so far it's been well worth it.   I take the bus when I go to Disney solo, and OC Bus 43 stops directly in front of Disney. Save $$ on parking!  The Disney magic is real...there is so much going on that you can't possibly be bored unless you try. My personal favorite is the Disneyland marching band, but all the pop-up shows do an excellent job. Even the custodial staff plays a part in making magical moments with their mop and leaf art.  There are way too many rides to cover, but there's something for everybody. Make sure you do your research on the most popular rides (Peter Pan, Space Mountain, etc) and which ones offer Fastpasses in order to maximize your time. The app offers an accurate real-time estimate of how long the lines are.  The character actors are so worth waiting for! Your little one will be blown away while meeting their favorite characters. Even my mom was impressed by her favorite princess, Snow White, coming to life. They put a lot of thought into what they say and their mannerisms.  And the SHOWS! The production value of this stuff is a sight to behold! I can't keep a smile off my face while watching the parades or the fireworks.   If you live in CA, definitely try to get a pass at least once so you can experience Disney through the year with all the different festive decorations. Of course, Halloween and Christmas should not be missed, but they do other things well, like Lunar New Year (and finally my bae Mulan comes out to play). Disney is a money-grubbing corporation after my heart and I hate that I love it D:", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It was my dream! I am in Disney.I looked like Tokyo Disney land.I saw Jungle Cruise, Frontier land and Tom Sawyer islands.Tokyo Disney looked like MInnie Mouse if California Disney was Mickey Mouse.I saw some difference. The tickets in CA were higher than ones in Tokyo.I saw a Walt Disney's statue which didn't exist in Tokyo. And no beer? I drunk beer in Tokyo.Here in CA, no beer.But I liked some Indian(South Asian) food.This is the happiest place on the earth! We love Disney.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I voiced my concerns to guest relations per one of the cast members advising to do so since 7 rides in one day had shut down! As I went over to guest relations I was very calm and cool about the situation and the manager said he would provide me with 3 fast passes. During this time a female came in screaming about the same situation and they offered her a 1 day pass to Disney parks that has to be used within a year. I was so aggravated that they wouldn't provide me with the same thing as they did another lady complaining over the same exact issue. The response was that they handle each case differently?!? Ummm the only difference between what she said and I said was my party size is three and her party size is 7! I travel very far to Disney every year and am not happy and I definitely feel discriminated.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I think Disneyland is the most miserable place on earth. \u00a0It's extremely overpriced and they can totally get away with it because of the number of people who desperately want to go every waking minute. \u00a0They keep raising their prices, and no one seems to notice. \u00a0Very frustrating. \u00a0Also way, way, WAY overcrowded. There should be a limit, or maybe there is, but this is nuts! \u00a0It's fun to ride the rides, but the kids get frustrated in the heat and long lines. \u00a0Very difficult to navigate with my special needs son.   My husband and I went for date night on Valentines day, thinking they'd be open late and have fewer small children, wrong on both counts! Who takes out their kids on Valentines day you ask? \u00a0Apparently everyone. Also, park closed at 8 pm. \u00a0I kid you not. \u00a0Lame.   So many more wonderful, more fun for everyone, more sane things to do with kids in Southern California.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So, do we really NEED to review Disneyland... NO. Because whether you hate it or love it, you're gonna go at some point. But in all honesty, it really is amazing. There's a reason it's called the happiest place on earth. As an adult, you get to feel like a kid. As a kid, it is like the most amazing place you've ever been. And as a parent... it is the most incredible, wonderful, magical feeling to see your kids experience the magic of Disney. Of course there are crowds, of course it's pricey but you don't go in NOT knowing this. If you plan it right (and by this I mean arrive early, go in the off-season, and go for a few days) you're going to have a good time. Also, the \"cast members\" are incredibly helpful and the entire park is immaculate! It is so clean, always! We will undoubtedly be back again and again.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "First time here in 30 years and I was very disappointed about the crowds, the quality of food and the rides that did not work. Grandpa decided to fund our trip to Disneyland and grandma and my hubby and our two sons 3 and 6 came with some hopes... we arrived an hour before the park opened,we brought a wagon and were by passed by security on our way to the tram. The man said because the wheels swiveled in the front of the wagon it was a safety hazard! Really !? Made no sense to me so we had to return the wagon to the car and we wee to we could rent one of there strollers for 15 extra dollars..had to wait 20 mins to buy tickets and rent stroller. we waited another 20 mins .. we were mis informed as to where to pick up rented stroller, turns out it is to the right BEFORE you enter the gates. Grandma tried to go back through and get the stroller and The gatekeeper told her she would have to go through the long line again to enter the park! Eventually she retrieved the stroller when the park entrance line went down a bit. We were told the carnation cafe had meet the characters breakfast so we rushed there right away (skipping breakfast at the hotel) only to be told it was in a different restaurant and you needed reservations! How absurd. After this we are at least fed and we start exploring the park.. we start to notice the long lines. We spent nearly 12 hours there and were only able to ride 5 rides! The cost of food is crazy, grandpa and grandma spent over $500 for admission and to eat and drink for the day it was at least another $200. I was greatful someone wanted to pay for us to have this experience but with the long lines and crowds it was lacking, this place made my kids happy but it was a lot of chaos and money. They could find more happiness playing at the free beach (:", "rating": 1}, {"text": "happiest place on earth. prices are sky high but the so cal resident deals are awesome.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "DISNEYLAND! - Come Prepared &amp; Be Ready! | - - *5 Things You Must Bring to Disneyland. \u00a0- - | 1.) A backpack with at least 1 bottle of water and 1 sandwich or choose of small snack per person in your party.  2.) Your smart phone with a good power bank to charge your devices. \u00a0You will be taking photos and on the move the entire time. *Also download the Disney app so you don't need to keep track of your tickets, the map is also I inside the app with wait times and directions. \u00a0Finally, get a fast pass since they are cheap and you will save lots of valuable time. Trust me, this is a must for sure!  3.) Sunscreen, hand sanitizer, and *any medication you may take everyday or need if you are sensitive to theme park rides.  4.) It can get cold some nights and you could end up wet from a ride. \u00a0You can buy just about anything needed and you should also pick up a souvenir. \u00a0(Bring an extra pair of socks and a light jacket)  5.) Take someone you love and/or can really have a great time with. Disneyland is a magical place that you will never forget. \u00a0Don't bring anyone that is going to ruin the event! Come ready to create a special memory or two in another land... \"Disneyland California\"", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Based on a recent Monday visit, I would say the park oversells tickets, it was so crowded people were running into me and my small stroller. They're had to be 50,000 people at Disney.  It's so sad I was a pass holder 10 yrs ago and it wasn't quite like this on a non holiday.  I feel if your going to over sell tickets to the entire world then at least have the human decency to sell locals annual parking passes so we can leave every time it's over crowded, without having to pay your $20 parking fine. I literally left after 70 minutes. It took me a total of over 3 hours to get there, park, walk, security check &amp; drive back. Super disappointing.  So consider this: your drive time, Getting down harbor to parking takes 25 min. Walking parking the structure to security another 20 min, security check to the front gate another 25 min.  Potential pass holders: unless you live near by, doing this frequently is a bit insane.  My kid doesn't know or care about the characters as we don't program the Child with their cartoons or products, just FYI. In case you've created a Disney fanatic w/your life.  [Let's just say our child enjoys Knotts, Discovery Center, the Ocean institute; traveling, zoo, museums, \u00a0libraries, parks, new cities, or other outdoor venues just the same and most of time we spend only a fraction of the cost on those activities or memberships etc. The experiences at all of them have been quite good.]  DISNEY Pros: the food on site TASTED good,  yet has long waits at food carts or in downtown Disney for restaurant food.  Cons:  too many people, long waits for rides, rides are short, no parking passes available for members.  No short term parking available.  There's a line for just about everything  You must pay an entrance fee for 2 parks at the same location, both owned by Disney, yet who can be \u00a0physically be in 2 parks. Anyone else think that's crazy, especially when Disney is so crowded..  You have to pay to park at their property, after paying their high ticket prices.  You'll be spending a lot of time &amp; money to do a whole lot of nothing. Making money &amp; high profits seems to be their goal.  I wish I could say DISNEY is what is use to be, but I can't.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is a great place. It is expensive and there are long lines but you go on a week day like tue wed or Thur the lines will be a lot shorter. The atmosphere is wonderful and Disney and just makes you feel happy", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Guest relations supervisor chris don't have compassion when it comes to special needs kids. I waited in line to get a special pass for my son. I saw a handicap sign to go thru another entry. We lost our place in line. Then chris sent us to some information booth that did not work after we waited line keep mind.. Now I'm waiting in line and my son is irritated.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Let me preface by stating I LOVE DISNEYLAND. My boyfriend and I are premium pass holders and we frequent the park all the time. This review is solely regarding the harrowing debacle dubbed \"The Diamond Celebration\".   I just came back from ATTEMPTING to go to the 24 hour bash. Maybe I'm a newbie, so I don't know the ropes, or maybe I'm just impatient and bitter. (Probably all of the above) Just trying to find parking was enough of a disappointment for me to throw in the towel and go home. Upon our approach to the structure, (after waiting 2 hours to get in) there was a sign that stated \"all resort lots full\". This would have been super to know before I decided to drive over and waste hours of my life and gas for this sh*t storm. This event is truly the most disorganized BS I've ever had the displeasure of attempting to be a part of. Why wouldn't these \"imagineers\" imagine a smarter way to control crowds? \u00a0How about post a feed on the website that is more useful than the Twitter account? It was severely unhelpful as it provided no insight into parking, or really much of anything besides stating all day that Disney was full. I understand this is a huge event and accomplishment for the Disney park however there has to be a limit on how many tickets you can sell or how many people can come to this event. Maybe in the future, you have to preorder your ticket, and if you don't get a ticket, you can't come. I am not coming back for a few weeks, for if I even lay eyes on so much as a Disney commercial on TV, it will bring back nightmares of the precious Friday night I just threw away in the trash. I saw some pictures on Instagram of the entrances to the parks/bag check, and that is another disappointment in itself.   Based on the parking experience alone, this is absolutely not worth the waiting around and the crowds. I have also learned my lesson, and will not try to attend the 24 hour events in the future. This was everything I imagined and so much worse.  **Note** - A yelper seemed a little offended at my rant and passive aggressively \"complimented\" my review, along with the very helpful tip to \"do my research\". Not only did I stalk the Twitter account all day, but I tried to check on Disney's website for updates, as well as news articles. Rest assured--ample research was done (and not much useful info to find), and I semi knew what I was getting myself into. While I was aware Disneyland wasn't allowing new guests, Twitter mentioned CA adventure was open to guests, with no mention of parking/security issues until like, midnight. I did not believe this was a normal event, however I did also concede above that I don't know the ropes, was impatient, and bitter. Thanks for the \"tip\".", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disney!!!! If I lived in So cal I would for sure be an annual pass holder. The dole whip is to die for. I try not to miss it every time I go.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We're at spitzville and love it the food is awesome the atmosphere loud and fun. \u00a0Try the club sandwich it's amazing", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Annual pass holder because there is no theme park that compares. From cleanliness to friendliness and delicious food, it's an obvious favorite.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "ugh .... I know my \"1star\" rating will likely seem blasphemy to many, but what else can one expect from: long lines (~40 mins to buy a 1day ticket - apparently you can buy 2+ day tickets ahead of time, but not 1 day tix?!?), then ~25 mins to enter the park, and 30+ mins for _each_ ride ... and this on a Monday!?!), hot weather + unwashed masses, bad food at ridiculously inflated prices, rides that last 1/20-1/30th of the time one spends in line. \u00a0OTOH, our kid (4yr old) did seem to enjoy the place - although the lines got even to her ... that being said, she really enjoyed the princess pavilion (princess meetings w/Cinderelly, Belle, etc, princess/royalty show, princess storytime) best of all; also was keen on the teacups &amp; dumbo ride.  If I can avoid it - and let me tell you, I plan to ohhh sooo much - I'll not be going back there for many years ... if ever. \u00a0(btw, I'm saying \"not good for kids\" because there are other, better options - Disneyland is much more about the hype than anything else, imho).", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Based off today's visit:  Beware the cast members!!  Came to disney with my sister. We both are annual pass holders. Today we decided to have a fun time at disney. Unfortunately, they took away my sisters pass and bc \"it didn't look like her\". Sure it's been 2 years since she's taken that picture but come on! It's not like she got a full face restructure. She didn't bring her wallet since I decided to drive. Funny thing is that we had entered Disneyland earlier today w/o a problem then went to California Adventures. Also, the cast member was extremely rude about it, not giving me really good directions as to how to get my pass back. I feel a little but discriminated against by that cast member. Sadly, I didn't get her name due to the fact I was very furious. Seriously got me rethinking about renewing my pass.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disney land this place is super cool! I can't wait to come here again it's one of my favorite places to go I can't wait to take my family and everything! Thank you so much for this pleasant experience!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "A total blast! \u00a0I was in LA and I decided to stop by Disney.... \u00a0what could be better, not much. \u00a0I have been to the Disney world in FL quite a few times and I can tell you that it is 10 times better BUT! \u00a0This is still a magical adventure that you and your whole family should experience. \u00a0Make sure you get the fast pass.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is my 3rd year with a pass. It got quite expensive this year.   I don't know how the new star wars land will effect lines and waits. The crowds are prob going to be bad. Guess we will see in a few days.   I'm looking forward to gay days in October.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The park is overpriced, you might get on 4 rides in 10 hours. But my real complaint is with the \"barney fife\" security BEFORE you even get inside. They're rent a cops with attitudes! They must be mad they failed the police acadamy. These dumbasses think they're TSA agents. They need to be reminded of who pays they're wages! I'm in my 60;'s and I had one old guy wanting to get \"tuff\" with me. I was with my grandkids and he was a jerk!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What a shit show. Four times the number of people the park can handle. Not just long lines. They have even hired teenagers with loud voices to herd you. \"Keep moving!\" They wave their little light wands and snarl. I wanted to punch someone. Torture!!! Never going back. Never. Never. Never. Never. Never. (Yes that's King Lear mates.)", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth until they start messing with you. My family and I have been annual pass holder for 4 years now. We went 6 weeks ago and my wife lost her pad while we were there. On Monday we are let known that her pass has been suspended because of fraud. It has now been 6 weeks and their investigation is still on going. \u00a0We have no heard back from them and my family and i have not been able to attend the park because of the security team weak effort to resolve this. I don't think my family will be renewing our passes this time due to not feeling safe at the park. And they claim to have my pregnant wife on video which is a lie. We were not there the day after my wife lost her pass. But with all the fights happening in the park They might be putting their efforts into something else", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Normally I can overlook the long lines and elbow to elbow crowds because hey, \u00a0it's the Mouse House. \u00a0But yesterday, \u00a0my disappointment grew into resentment. First, \u00a0the Candlelight Reading was happening. \u00a0It was beautiful... so I heard. \u00a0When we got in the park, \u00a0the crowd was backed up all the way outside the tunnel just to get in! \u00a0The crowd was being herded like cattle by \"cast members\" waving glow sticks right in your face and ushering everyone one way. \u00a0Eventually, \u00a0the movement just stopped. \u00a0It was a literal traffic jam. My bf and I just wanted to get back out of the park at this point. \u00a0The exit was blocked by the crowds, \u00a0so we rode the monorail to Downtown Disney. \u00a0My plan was to apply for the Disney credit card and begin using it immediately for Christmas shopping, and begin getting Disney reward points to use on a future trip. So we head over to the kiosk, apply and get approved. \u00a0Instead of handing me a temporary card, \u00a0the attendant gives me a general pamphlet and tells me my card will arrive in the mail. \u00a0She explains if I want it now I would have to call the number on the brochure. \u00a0So I call, only to be told coldly by the \"customer service\" department (if you could call it that) that they \"never give out that information and the kiosk attendant should have given me a temporary card\". The kiosk attendant then sends me to Guest Relations, \u00a0which is all the way over at the front of Disneyland park by the ticket windows, \u00a0and tells me they will take care of me there. \u00a0So we make it to the window, \u00a0explain the dilemma, \u00a0and surprise surprise...\"I can't do anything like that here. Sorry\". Deadpan. This is Disneyland \"Guest Relations\"? This is the best I get? Sigh. \u00a0We begrudgingly finish off the night there with our friends, \u00a0and wait for the fireworks... which end up getting cancelled shortly after beginning, \u00a0due to the (non-existent) wind.   To say the least, the magic of Disneyland officially wore off for me after yesterday. \u00a0Probably won't be renewing my annual pass, as it just feels like I'm paying for crowds and disappointment.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is seriously the happiest place on earth! The parks are clean and the employees try so hard to make your trip the best yet. The lines are actually not that long. The staff keeps them moving pretty well. The rides are so fun and well designed. The food is also really good for amusement park food.  My only complaint is that everything is WAY overpriced. The food, souvenirs, everything costs extra and is much more money than it would be elsewhere.  Overall, Disneyland is magical, but expect to spend a lot of money.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is ruined. First of all, the bear place was taken out, and now the tower of terror is replaced by guardians of the galaxy. The twilight zone themed ride was much better and i enjoyed it a lot as a child. What??? They are getting rid of bugs life??!!! Pleaseeee ohnononoononononoono!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland/California Adventure is nothing but a bunch of greedy corporates who are taking advantage of families.... a 4 hour wait for a ride, with no fastpass available for the rest of the day at 10am is ridiculous! \u00a0The park is way over crowded, and overpriced, and impossible for a one day visit.  Disney execs I suggest you examine your crowd control methods. \u00a0I for one will NEVER go back nor will I recommend it. \u00a0What a heartbreaking disappointment it was for my little nephews (5 &amp; 7) to have come from another country to ride CARS and expect a 4 hr wait!!! Did not happen :(  Show me a child who will stand patiently for a 3+ hr. wait and I'll show you NOT the Happiest Place on Earth!  Disneyland never again!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I LOVE DISNEYLAND &amp; I'am a yearly pass holder.I need to friends to meetup there", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Hey, someone just bought 5 tickets to Disney (Disney Worldwide Anaheim) on my bank card and the transaction is still pending, they gave the tickets to them, after checking for \"valid photo id\" and let them in, and according to them, I've got to get the money back because they \"can't\" give me the money back. \u00a0Actually, more accurately they *won't* give the money back because a worldwide corporation thinks I can deal with a $435.00 loss more easily than them. \u00a0  Yeah! \u00a0 Disney, the happiest place on earth!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Although we were warned but we couldn't believe how crazily crowded this place is! We spent 2days on the craziest place on earth. What a great experience for the price!!! All we can see are people and my kids ended up seeing nothing but people's butts. Welcome to Disneyland!!! Well, toilet ride was the most popular for us and only took 30min to get in...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Too expensive, too many people, too long wait times. The line for the Indiana Jones was 75 mins - when we rode they did not even fill up the seats. They sat 5 people in a 12 seat car.  The rides are fairground like. They charge $18 for parking even with the $99 entry. Food is expensive and hard to come by given the insane lines and crappy quality. Hard to feel the magic when the staff look like they want to cry.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "You could write a review a mile long about your Disney Experience because it's such and encompassing park and you will inevitably have some ups and downs throughout the course of your visit. The most important thing to do as it relates to Disney is PLAN AHEAD. Have an idea of what you want to do, when you plan on eating, how much you want to spend, etc.  And here is the ultimate Pro Tip: Use fast pass whenever possible! It will increase the amount of things you can do/ see in one day as you will waste far less time standing in lines.  The park itself is massive, so make sure everyone is dressed comfortably and drinking LOTS of water! Also, if you have little ones give them clear instructions on what to do if they somehow get separated. I know it's a scenario you don't want to think about but having a game plan in place and potentially alleviate hours of stress and worry while you track them down.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We enjoyed ourselves, we had a wonderful time!! Can't wait to go back. But our feet was in so much pain that night, so make sure you wear the right shoes. We loved every ride we got on...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The biggest problem for Disneyland today is constantly operational malfunction. This is upset and annoying for people waiting 50 minutes for a ride. Is it still the happiest place on earth now seems questionable.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What a joke of a company. Refusing to provide a refund on 3 day tickets we have no interest in using during the Covid-19 pandemic. They are \"extending\" the dates on the tickets like I care about that. I do not trust \u00a0this virus will be gone in April and I have no interest being around so many people, even when this pandemic is \"over\". I doubt my $600 will break your billion dollar bank account. #thieves", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I mean.... it's Disneyland!  How many places can you think of that have pirates, astronauts, and rodents with clothes all in one place?!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Not happy at all I booked a room thinking they close at midnight like they always have been for years. So we get to Disneyland at 5 or California adventure we get on a few rides and around 8 we start walking to Disneyland when we notice it's closed and so I a proceed to ask cast member she said we are closed . Honestly being a pass holder I wish they would email us to let us know theme \u00a0park hours for winter I didn't even know they closed early . Made me upset . Since we can't stay another day .", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Just took our son to the park. He's almost 4 and he had a great time. As an adult I think that the spirit of Walt is a little low. The fast pass is flawed and why are we paying that amount of money to spend time where multiple rides are broken down. Disneyland needs to step up and get back to their A game.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Took off Thursday from work to try to beat the crowds and get more fun time for my family and less time standing in lines. Just to get to the parking ticket booths took 30 mins of bumper to bumper cars. We tried to save time by buying our tickets on the Disneyland Apple. But once we got to the ticket Botha to go inside,the app kicked me off and wouldn't allow me to sign back in. I messed with it for 30 mins trying to reset password and all the above,nothing worked though,the app wouldn't log me back in and load. Stop I tried going to my ticket purchase receipt that was emailed to me but the employee said I had to show the E-ticket bar code picture. When I clicked the link for it in my email the Web page loaded saying \"someone ate the page,sorry\". Therefore I had to go to the ticket purchase booth to give them all my info to receive \u00a0my tickets. After all this they said they'd give me a fast pass to make up for lost time. I asked for Jungle Cruise since my daughter loves it. He pushed that I get something else such as Matterhorn Bobsleds that had a longer wait time, so I agreed to it. I'm now in the park and seeing that the Matterhorn is\"Closed for Renovations\".... I'm so disappointed with the service today and all the lost time / frustration at the stay off the whole experience that I decided to leave this review. I think I'll go to different parks the future,this place is too packed and too unprofessional even on a weekday", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's was so frustrating arrive at Disneyland, the vary first theme park created by Walt Disney. If you ever experience Disney World, don't ever come here! There is no magic. No Disney characters walking around. No music playing. No sign of directions nor stuff around to help you. When you finally find someone walking around, they are visible tired and not happy to be there, in consequence are rude and have no patience. The park itself is ugly, everything is old and you see there is no maintenance.  Another super negative highlight is there is just a couple tables/chair to seat and eat or relax. If you just wanna rest for while, you'd better go home! It's not an experience. Worst, not a happy experience! Just don't go to Disneyland in California!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If you went to Disneyland as a child but didn't enjoy, it, try it again as an adult. My parents took me (to Disney World actually) as a preteen and although I was looking forward to it, once there, everything seemed as though it were intended for younger kids. Fast forward as an adult and I decided to try Disneyland when visiting California and had a blast! I finally understood Disney mania. I enjoyed it so much that I went back a year and half later and plan to go to Disney World in a couple of years when the Tron ride opens and eventually Disney Paris. Yes, it is expensive but where else will you find Mouse ear shaped food?", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I grew up in California. I go to this park almost every year. This has been the first time it felt far from magical. Not only did I feel like a dollar sign walking around but the park cast acted like socialists and were very rude and demanding and not just to me.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Koko the gate attendant at DL is mean. She was standing to the right of her gate area and yelled at us for going to the right to get our hands stamped. She exclaimed I'm stamping to the left!!! So we waited in the right since it wasn't clear and others went left and she stared us down until we went right. She is not a nice lady and we were all laughing at how rude she was. I know it is hot but come onnnnnnnnnn. I hate Koko now even though last time she was nice. Take your pills and come to work happy next time.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I wanted to take the time to give a 5 star due to the amazing cast character at Rise of the Resistance during que and entry to the escape droid platform. The way he handled those hecklers today was professional, beautiful, \u00a0and so in character. Those words those hecklers said were indecent and inappropriate.   Disneyland team, can you please get storm troopers on stand by to escort the hecklers out of the ride? Or even actual security guards? Or even pay the attractions' cast members double the hourly wages. Those annual passholders were video recording and constantly harassing the cast member trying really hard to start an argument (those AP were 40 somethings with big diapers, \u00a0crying like a baby while attacking the person underneath the character when the lieutenant was bossing them). If anything, I think Disney has the power to block out all AP but signatures. Would make it fair for guests without passes to actually have space to enter the park, easier access for \u00a0boarding groups, and make the ROTR ride more joyful. Those AP were telling my group they already been on the ride 18 times !?!??! I tried 3 days and only got in once !  In my opinion, \u00a0Disneyland can shut the ROTR ride down as long as they want, those hecklers were rude and out of control !", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Today was the by far the worst Disneyland experience . I took my 11 year old and my 2 year old to the park. While entering the park, my older son wanted to push the stroller in with my younger son so I walked through the turnstile and he was allowed in through the gate. The man scanning tickets and passes apparently didn't scan his upon entry so he asked to see my sons. My son gave it to him to scan and apparently there was some sort of issue with his card. The man asked me if I was in charge of his payments and I responded \"no\", well then he told my son with the stroller to go outside the gate. So there I am inside the park and my 11 year old and 2 year old were forced to leave, no explanation whatsoever. Meanwhile the man continued to help customer after customer into the park. I finally interrupted him and explained to him that it was not ok to make my children leave the park with no explanation of what was going on. \u00a0He continued on like nothing with no response, I then told him I wanted to speak with a manager immediately and again acted as if I was nonexistent. I then exited the through the gate and went to the closest building possible which was the group sales. They were kind enough to call a manager for me, but it was not a quick process. Anyways I finally explained the situation to the manager and he assured me he would speak with the man, and offered me 2 fast passes for my trouble. What a joke. It honestly makes me sick to think that Disneyland doesn't care about how they treat their customers.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I LOVE DISNEYLAND! I have had annual passes a few times. The biggest bummer is the crowds. If your visiting from out of town you need a few days to do everything because it is always busy", "rating": 5}, {"text": "NEVER ODER ANYTHING ONLINE AT DISNEYLAND- ESPECIALLY THIER ANNUAL PASS ( VIA E-TICKET!) THEIR SYSTEM DOES NOT WORK PER THEIR ONLINE SUPPORT DESK!!   After three days, five calls, ten emails, 25 facebook posts, 35 twitter posts and BBB review and here's the issue and let me know if this warrants even a 1 star...  Problem- Ordering an annual pass online and waiting for the E-ticket to arrive in my inbox. When it did not arrive, I made a few calls and finally their customer service agent said this has been a huge problem and their IT dept has been working on it.  They can't re-issue the pass and have no solutions for me to get my annual pass.   Here's what I posted on their 100,000 face book wall:   I would actually like it better if someone from Disneyland would help me resolve my annual pass NIGHTMARE issue. Basically, I ordered the online pass per the Disneyand Online web instructions and after my order was confirmed and processed- the online portal said to check my e-mail and print my access annual park pass. The online ticket did not show, so I checked my spam folders, server and even my host IT server and NADA. I spoke with 3 Disneyland Customer Service Agents and they referred me to the Disney World online Website and then asked me to click the contact button and leave a message. I have left 3 messages so far and 5 e-mails and I have heard NOTHING so far on how to get my e-ticket for my annual pass. So my hope and request is to actually get someone ( like a real person) from Disneyland to resolve this issue ASAP and send my annual pass e-ticket TODAY!!! Where's the MAGIC Walt and why does it take hours of effort and aggrivation to get what I have paid for?? Seriously.. days to get a response.. that does not work online. Attention all Disney Cast Members and Support Staff... Please check out your code that was given to me.. Disneyland Pass Code for E-ticket is 20111004-2941089 and e-mail me on my facebook!! Thank You! Spencer Brown", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Last time I came to Disney (before last weeks trip which I am about to tell you about) was two years ago. It was great! The overpriced foot was of course gigantic and delicious, got to go on almost every ride I wanted without any serious issues other than the ridiculous wait times. Well listen here, Disney. You either need to hire better ride technicians who actually know what they're doing, or fix your freaking rides. Haunted Mansion was the only ride I ever had any issues with. Since I was 9 it always stopped at least once but it was always under a minute of a pause. This time, THREE out of the 6 rides I went on stopped. More than once. For a very long time. The first ride I went on that stopped was Pirates of the Caribbean. I honestly think this was the technicians fault, because the reason why we were stopped was because the boats were backed up. All of the boats were BACK TO BACK at one point, causing serious traffic and making us stuck in the fire scene for 10 minutes. Ridiculous. This also meant that we were constantly SLAMMING into the boat in front of us and the boat behind us was slamming into us. We were on the ride for a half hour, probably even more. And where was the fog part??? Yknow the part where you go through the fog waterfall thing? Yeah that wasn't there. I'm pretty sure one of the lights was off in the cave too (the scene right before all the treasure) because it was randomly super dark in one particular spot and didn't look right at all. The next ride that failed miserably was haunted mansion, me and my moms favorite, which stopped three times. I think this is the actual ride and not the person operating it because it's been stopping for years, I think it's just getting worse. I can't enjoy the ride when it's interrupted by \"please stay seated in your doom buggy while we fix the problem\" or whatever the message is. We were stuck in the dining room for 8 minutes and in the cemetery for 5 minutes. Not worth going there anymore especially because the wait was almost an hour long. It's because of this that I couldn't go on any other rides in Disneyland because the waits were so long and the freaking rides were stopping. I entered the park at 12. It was 7:30 and we had been on 5 rides at Disneyland. We had an hour and a half to parkhop over to Cali adventure. The first ride was my choice, I chose the little mermaid because I love Ariel, and also the wait said 10 mins. The wait was actually closer to 20. Guess what? The ride came to a stop right as we were \"going underwater\". We were stuck for 5 minutes. Went to the underwater dancing scene, some parts that usually move weren't moving and some lights were off or out. Last time we were here we remembered Ursula was not working at all. She was this time but the experience was so much worse this time. By the time we got off we had time for 2 more rides if we chose carefully. We went on cars (I hate that the wait is always 2+ hours) so we did single rider because it was quoted 30 mins. Annoying, but whatever we will deal with it. 45 mins later were finally on the ride. Ride works, cool. Park closes in 25 mins by the time we're off. Off to soaring over the world (why they changed it I don't know. I'm pissed off that I can't smell oranges in Florida anymore. You smell grass and suntan lotion and that's literally it. Boring. Flying over Florida was my favorite part.) had no issues wait was fast, but it felt like we barely did anything and we were constantly stressed about time. Didn't have time for guardians. Don't get me wrong I love Guardians of the Galaxy and marvel but I hate that tower of terror had to be changed too. And the fact that Star Wars world is NOT in tomorrow land is just absolutely stupid. So star tours is gonna sit there and then Star Wars land is just gonna be somewhere else??? And take up more of the park and kill more of the things we like?? Yeah thanks.  UPDATE:  Yall please fix pirates. For some reason the little piano/organ thing that plays itself is still missing, so theres the sound of the music playing and then theres this awkwardly large spot where its supposed to be. But like... its not there. Also the fog effect is still not fixed. This is sad.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love love love Disneyland! \u00a0Nicest cast members! Beautiful and clean. Just don't go on weekends or holidays", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is the rudest security at this park name tag says Carolina but was told her name was Monica. I am an annual pass holder and go at least once a month. Never had I had a security inspection done so badly. She shoved my bag and most of my stuff fell out. Out of anger I did use profanity but as an expression of how she was attempting to use her authority to belittle us. Worst impression of the park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So my wife and I went to Disneyland for our wedding anniversary and it sucked!!! I spent $600.00 plus and only went on 2 rides because the lines were just to long to wait, we were in Space Mtn. line for an hour and they came out and announced that the ride was broken and there was a no line movement for 15 minutes, so we walked out of line! The lines are BS and will never go back again, so let down. We should have gone somewhere else, Disneyland is a huge rip off and too crowded for the experience and big money for no fun as an adult. I will never recommend this to anyone. if your a child or small kid it would be fun but as an adult the lines are way too long :(", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hate Star Wars Land! It sucks! Totally took away the whole Disneyland experience!!! Walt would be so disappointed!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We went here a couple of month ago and this is the first time I come here. They offered me a badge for the first visit. My wife and I had such a great time here and will definitely come back!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is for individuals who love Disney. I seem to like everything about Disney that at one time was not owned by Disney. Therefore it isn't Disney to me. The park is nothing more than a cesspool of young adults and children running around, complaining about the smallest things they aren't getting out of their overall experience, instead of taking a moment to consider how much their parents just paid to get them in there. By the way, I sincerely hope you don't have to use the washrooms while you're here. If you do, you'll need hazmat suit.  I would say arrive early and on an off day to avoid the crowds, but clearly every day at Disneyland is a madhouse. I hated every minute that I wasted standing in line for rides that were mediocre at best. I was at the park from I think 10am to about 5pm and I sat on 4 rides. That means most of my experience was about waiting. I had no intention of riding any roller coasters, but the few rides I went on were so boring that I'm not even sure why kids still wanted to experience them. I went to the Haunted Mansion, some sort of safari ride, an Abraham Lincoln presentation (Abe is a preserved automaton from the '30s, I think. This makes him interesting to watch and see how lifelike he is.), and some others I can't even remember. I walked through a Star Wars exhibit and was unable to get on the ride as it was already \"booked\" for the rest of the day.   So I traveled all the way from Chicago just to be rejected from the Star Wars ride (there are passes you can get which promise you a ride later, but those were all taken as well). None of this makes any sense to me. You basically pay $100 to get into the park for 1 day, and that does not even promise you 1 ride on all the rides they have to offer. I suppose the amazing corn dogs and churros offered throughout the park are supposed to sway my experience for the better and make the entire journey worth it anyway? I think not.   I enjoy kids movies and imagination just as much as any other Disney fanatic enjoys their Disney genre of films on fantasy. I'm just all about delivering a quality product to a paying customer. This is just not how you do business to me. I don't understand how more people aren't complaining about this issue. I really didn't care one way or the other. I do happen to like Star Wars but it wasn't the end of the world to not be able to get on the ride. I just feel bad for the kids that get hyped up and perhaps this is a once-in-a-lifetime visit where the parents do not intend to come back in the future. Truly a waste of money. It's like Disney is saying, \"Hey, thanks for your $100. It will go toward some ungrateful brat with rich parents who can afford to bring their children back a bunch of times in order to eventually ride that ride you couldn't!\" How sad.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Not the happiest place on earth today. Terrible lines from parking to entering. 2 hours just to get in... for these prices they need to do a better job at handling the amount of guests! Won't be back for a long time!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Discrimination against autism day. We've organized for 4 years and now they banned it but allow gay day and all other sorts of organized days. Not fair, if you won't allow one day don't allow any.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My husband and I were bracing ourselves for a long hot crowded grueling day just to make our 3 &amp; 6 year old happy. \u00a0We were taken aback by our Disney experience. \u00a0The \"cast\" is all phenomenal. \u00a0They were friendly and helped make our day magical from ticket booth attendants to restaurants to the characters. \u00a0We visited both Disneyland and Adventureland.  Every detail is though out. \u00a0Getting on and off rides is incredibly organized and allows for a smooth and enjoyable experience. \u00a0Every surface around the park is clean, freshly painted, and well maintained. \u00a0In the event that a bathroom sink or toilet (all shockingly clean) was out of order, it was clearly marked.  The Characters were over the top sweet and friendly with my kids. \u00a0I felt overwhelmed with emotion by their interactions with my children because they were truly magical. \u00a0Special shout out to Cinderella because she truly made this visit special. \u00a0We met 5 princesses and more than 10 characters but Cinderella was her favorite experience.  Overall this place is expensive (obviously) but I didn't feel like I was being totally taken advantage of because they allow you to bring in your own food &amp; water, there are plenty of water fountains to fill up, allow you to sit an any table to eat their or your own food, and prices aren't the worst I've seen. \u00a0I pay more for a bottle of water at the movie theater in NY than I paid here.  Amazing trip! \u00a0Worth the money. \u00a0The kids say, BEST DAY EVER!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Can't get enough of this longtime favorite. You just gotta be in the right frame of mind during the busy times. You're not gonna do everything, just pace yourself. Truly an American Classic.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "too many waiting lines too long waiting \u00a0lines too tiring waiting lines  not what i would call the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Not the place for adults without kids. They let too many people into this theme park. Plus, that probably explains why several rides kept breaking down on my last visit. I really paid so much money to stand in line, get bumped into by scooters and strollers, and hear kids whine all day? Never again!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland so much and the park overall gets a 10/10 but today I had one of the most uncomfortable and racist event happen to me so sad that the cast member was part of this", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am very heart broken in the way we have been treated ! we love Disneyland and as first time parents we bought our annual PASSES LAST YEAR . We received a email stating we needed to re-new our passes before the 25th oF Dec \u00a0if we wanted the same So Cal pass because it was going to be discontinued.... they ended up enrolling us in a lower level by mistake. \u00a0So - cal select !!! yes we should have double double checked if it was the same one but when we asked her again WHEN WE THOUGHT IT WAS THE WRONG ONE AND \u00a0she said yes I enrolled you guys in the same one \u00a0!! we believed her .... come to find out she downgraded us after arriving home we noticed the huge price difference when we compared receipts from last year that's when we knew it was wrong ! I've been on hold all day today over 1 hour... I've called at least 3 times to speak with a manager \u00a0( Sarah ) She told me there's was nothing she could to \u00a0help \u00a0me and basically told me it's our fault and gave me a example \u00a0when you buy a car you read the dotted lines right? you wont drive off with a blue car if you wanted a red car !! this makes me so so so sad we will have to pay each month for a membership when cant use its only good mon-fri and we both work !!! Makes me so so sad on how we have been treated when this was a mistake done by there cast member ! \u00a0AT THE END SHE JUST HUNG UP ON ME !!! Disneyland why are you like this shouldn't customer service be your number #1 I am still in disbelief on how we have been treated !!!!! I hope management reviews the call and hear the distress in my voice because she made it clear its our fault !!! For training purposes I hope management reviews the call and hears the example given to your customers .Makes them feel not valued .", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't love Disneyland. We have enjoyed many moments here. We have been all week and love it here. Such great memories have been created and will be memorable forever. This place is great at capturing them.  We love how there are always people that are there to help and the staff is always friendly.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What a disappointment Disneyland is. I spent quite a bit of money on early morning passes but since I don't have a California drivers license I can't gain access into the park. What a rip off and what a joke this place is", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Poor Walt is probably doing back flips in his grave. The greed of this company has completely destroyed the dreams and vision Walt Disney had. This will definitely be last season as a pass holder. My family and I will be headed back to Knott's where they actually respect the value of a dollar and family tradition.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been going to Disneyland for 55 years. \u00a0For the first time I purchased 2 day passes at the local grocery store. \u00a0Based on my history of attending the park I assumed the pass was valid for the calendar year and there was nothing obvious stating otherwise. \u00a0When taking my granddaughter to the park for day two we were advised that the passes were only valid for 14 days and the passes had expired.   Folks were really nice at the park, I spoke with the ticketing person who could not do anything for me, I understand companies like Disneyland do not give their staff the ability to make exceptions. \u00a0I purchased new tickets, the staff at the park was very apologetic. \u00a0That is not my complaint.   Indeed on the back of the ticket it states the pass is valid for 14 days and I missed it, but to be truthful I missed it because the print was so small I couldn't even read it with my readers but had to get a magnifying glass.  I felt it not fair that the terms of the pass was so hard to see and truly feel this is a buyer beware item.  Knowing the reputation of Disneyland I wrote their customer service department who responded within several days. \u00a0It was a pre written response, I thanked the person that sent it but did ask them to have a supervisor contact me as I truly feel I am not talking to anyone that cares how deceptive the terms of the pass seemed to be.  Indeed I received a call a couple of days later. \u00a0Here is where my complaint truly lies. \u00a0I found the person calling me condescending and rude, cutting me off and telling me I am talking over her. \u00a0She called only to repeat what was in the initially email sent to me and repeated it word for word. \u00a0She did not call to truly discuss the issue but to scold me for not figuring out the rules. \u00a0Knowing that it was a waste of time discussing the issue with her I asked for her to have someone above her contact me. \u00a0She told me, \"I will not have anyone else call and talk to you.\" \u00a0  Really? \u00a0I told her then I will do it myself. \u00a0I appreciate how hard being in customer service is, but this was not customer service and her lack of understanding how to interact with customers only escalated the issue that could have been resolved easily.   It is obvious to me that Disney is changing and not for the good. \u00a0It is very sad to me that being a customer of 55 years that I am treated by their customer service department so poorly.  Pray that nothing goes wrong on your visit to the park as their customer service department is not there to help solve your problems.  FYI Disney, you are not the only game in town. \u00a0You need to think about that and get your customer service department off their high horse or give them the tools to do a good job for your guests.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's the Happiest Place On Earth, y'all. It's Walt's Park. It's a Classic. Does it cost a small fortune to go? Yes! Is it worth it for a once-in-a-lifetime visit? Yes! Try to plan your visit Tuesday-Thursday and let the locals do their thing on the weekends. Go with some patience and expect to pay a lot for things. Let yourself be a kid and wear your sunscreen and comfortable shoes. Most of all: ENJOY!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We are just loving our passes...This is definitely the happiest place on earth that's where we find our peace thank you Disneyland", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is by far my favorite theme park to go to with my friends really great place the lines may be long at times but worth every second", "rating": 5}, {"text": "12/02/19 - 12/04/19  It's been just a couple a years since I've last been here and man, A LOT has changed (from what I remember at least!).   I'll save the magic &amp; aesthetic details mainly because everyone knows that Disney is the place to be if you want to have fun and be surrounded by beautiful lights / scenery!  PRO TIPS:  1. Download Disneyland app &amp; study it! Disneyland is pretty high tech and a lot of interactions, ticketing, reservations, etc come from this app alone!!! * shows wait times &amp; locations for each ride * shows bathrooms (very important) * able to mobile order food &amp; drinks from dining establishments  2. Purchase the FastPass MAX: * $15 per person / day. * able to make fast pass reservations directly from your phone instead of walking miles to / from DCA &amp; fast pass distribution areas * IMHO: dishing out $60 to save us the miles and miles we could've walked from DCA and back was worth every single penny!  3. Get your picture taken! * There are professional photographers that can take your pictures in front of various places in both parks; be sure to take full advantage of this! * If you have the FastPass Max, you can download the pics right into your phone's photo album (instead of paying for a copy) &amp; off of the rides too!  4. Dress / pack appropriately * I can't stress this enough! Wear COMFY shoes because you're going to be walking + standing a LOT throughout the day. * With the exception of children, I'd say pack very lightly. All you'll really need are the essentials: wallet, phone, portable charger!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique experience was beyond words the best experience. I'm a 50 something aunt with a nine year-old niece and we have done the whole fishing you can be anything experiences over the years. When I heard of this I knew she screamed for it, and I wanted to see it too.  Let me tell you, I don't get out much because of work, but this was just as perfect as it could be. Make reservations in advance, be prepared to spend a relevant amount of money and then saturate yourself in a Disney Princess experience that is \"oh my gosh, I didn't even know this was possible.\"  I write for a living and am having a hard time expressing how precious this experience was for my little princess and her friend. I honestly didn't realize what a princess she was always holding onto inside until this experience. Start to finish absolutely worth it. I don't remember the name of the package we got, but it was just about $200 and I picked that to be able to have the photo shoot in front of Cinderella's carriage.   You will not believe what happened next! \u00a0The girls were presented in their finery to none other than Snow White! ! She was sweet as could be and asked their names and how they liked the day and such pleasantries and then introduced them to Ariel!!! Okay, I may have embarrassed people at this point but charming as can be we had tons of photo time and then went on to meet the queen of them all Cinderella. \u00a0The girls were out of their minds. \u00a0All the princesses were exactly as they should be ....amazing Disney magic. \u00a0I couldn't hardly take pictures because I was so dazzled by the adorableness of it all.   Don't change your prices when you hear this Disney, but I was choking on the price at about $200 for the grand treatment (5 or so options are below what I got) but having done it I would pay more than double. Your lovely staff knows how to make it feel like it is just about you and that is the best complement there is.  For those of you contemplating this, I know on the face it is ridiculous but that is what being a little girl is. Go for it with gusto if you can. And if you can't then steal the money. \u00a0Guaranteed this is a once in a lifetime indulgence that everyone will appreciate. \u00a0Even the reluctant dads melt under the magical charms.  Thank you Disney! \u00a0 You guys rock!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am a local and I usually love this place, but my last visit was disappointing. First it took more than an hour just to get past the security check. Idk if it's the season that draws much more people, but for being Disneyland and the amount of money they make, they should have more security people / metal detectors. They only had about 6-8 checks for hundreds of people. Second is everything was either breaking down or shut down. Rides and attractions were so limited. They are implementing a \"new system\" and it makes lines slower and it forces lines to be outside of the rides so it won't crow up the inside. But then it causes the outside crowds/ traffic to be worse. On top of that it was freezing cold out and they didn't want to allow the line to be inside the rides. Which was so dumb and just left people and children out in the freezing cold. The workers were mainly only letting in the fast pass riders and I know they are priority but they would let 80 ppl from fast pass then only 5 from the regular line. This was very annoying. There should be some type of balance better than what they had. It's like they get richer but don't want to invest in making it the best experience for the visors. Rather charge an arm a and a leg for drinks and snacks.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wow, it has been a quick minutes since my last review of Disneyland. I actually caved and splurged for an annual pass two years ago. Zero regrets becoming an AP. I love the new parking structure inspired by Pixar Pals. The new parking structure will have six levels named after Pixar characters: The Incredibles (Level 1), Coco (Level 2), Cars (Level 3), Monsters Inc. (Level 4), Finding Nemo (Level 5) and Inside Out (Level 6). You'll still get to take a loooooong escalator to the tram where you'll be greeted by security for bag check. It was actually really efficient yesterday morning.  Everyone is avoiding coming here expecting the crowds to be crazy because of Star Wars Land but it was pretty empty the entire day. The longest wait for any ride outside of Star Wars Land was 30 minutes. I still highly recommend single rider lines, fastpasses, and downloading their free app. It was a great day in the park.  The newly renovated Sleeping Beauty Castle looks good under the summer sun. Bring sunscreen people! Gotta love that they allow you to bring your own food and sealed water bottles inside the park.  Plus the parade is coming back! Believe in Disney magic :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "*Stay in a hotel nearby so you can walk there and not worry about parking. *Be sure you download the Disney app and start a week prior familiarizing yourself with the app. It offers great features- waiting times on rides-parade times- a map of where characters are located- a map of where you can take pictures with your maxpass- Ages and heights for rides- Mobile orders to skip the lines and more*Make sure you have breakfast.Most of the hotels around do offer free breakfast. Which is amazing \u00a0when your with a family of six ,breakfast \u00a0adds up.We were there Xmas weekend and I knew it was going to be busy. I went ahead and purchased max pass.So glad I did , the lines were extremely long .You can make a new fast pass reservation every hour once you have walked in the park. Just a tip make a reservation for the show fantasmic! It's a color water show with your fast pass you can get a private sitting area by 10:00am fast passes were out. We were so lucky to get ours before they ran out it is a must watch! \u00a0* Take a small blanket for the floor this helps you to reserve your area for a parade to get the best spots. Me and my family really enjoyed this trip everyone that worked there had a smile on their face and seemed to be enjoying what they do!! Thank you Disney for making this an unforgettable experience for me and my family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I had an amazing experience. I was so happy that I was able to visit Disneyland in California. I did the College Program at Walt Disney World in Florida Fall 2011. I worked at EPCOT FWN (Future World North). Can't wait to go back. A Magical Experience indeed.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Anyone rating Disneyland with 5 stars today has not been alive long enough to remember how magical it used to be, but is no longer.   I won't repeat in depth what the 1 star ratings have already called out - basically overpricing and long lines. All correct.   What annoys me on a more philosophical and actually basic level is that Disney employees have clearly been trained to operate as robots. It's as if they were all given one manual and can only perform certain functions. They can't process anything outside of that box and can't use their own minds to respond like a reasonable person should in different circumstances.   It's actually infuriating and I recommend avoiding all interaction with them if possible. Don't argue. Don't even respond or acknowledge. It's just pointless.  Disneyland, I wanted to love you forever but it just wasn't meant to be. You've changed too much.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Very sad to say it's no longer the happiest place on earth. A large majority of the employees hate their jobs, the park was filthy, rides were either shut down or under construction, parking attendants were rude, most of the shops employees didn't even greet you. Keep in mind 75% of the park is shops now. I would strongly suggest picking a different park for your vacation. The days of the true Disney experience are long gone. Walt is turning over in his grave. Very sad!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Why isn't lunch served earlier. \u00a0I've seen so many people wait for lunch. \u00a0Instead, people just leave the park early because they can't get lunch early. \u00a0Instead, so many restaurants at Disneyland open at 10:30 or 11 and then there is just a rush of people. \u00a0Doesn't make sense.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Came down from NorCal to meet my brothers soon to be in-laws. Spur of the moment decision to bite the bullet and attempt it since we had a free day to ourselves for the weekend trip.  Our son is 5! This was an experience for sure. Lots of people but my future sister in law (who is from the area) was surprised at how lucky we got based on the smaller scale of crowd (most likely due to it being the weekend before back to school) as well as the beautiful 80* weather. The lines were not as bad as we had anticipated them to be. I want to say the longest we had to wait was 30-35 minutes for space mountain, and finding Nemo said 10 minutes which turned into 35 because one of the submarines needed repair, (would have left the line but we were literally next of course) he and dad literally rode every single \"big boy\" ride he could get on. Lots of shaded rest areas Which was nice since I'm 8 months pregnant. Did however get many odd looks due to being pregnant, counted just about 5 other baby bumps throughout the whole day seeing as I did lots of sitting on the bench waiting for my party to get on and off rides. We got to meet Mickey Mouse and that was such a blast for him. He was literally star struck, lost for words, and that's odd for my son because he's a chatter box always has something to say. I was this way when we met Minnie Mouse and Goofy. We had a dance party with all the characters. The food was great, prices are high but you are allowed to bring in food and drinks so we will for sure take advantage of that next trip when we actually anticipate coming.  We were here from open to close and It was truly magical for him and such a special memorable day for our family, his first trip, our last trip as a family of 3. He hasn't stopped talking about it and can't wait to be able to take and show his sister.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What I look forward to at Disneyland are the fun rides and hype photos... OBVIOUSLY.   But of course, I can't forget the Cream Cheese Pretzel, which is LITERALLY the BEST FOOD out there! I can't even begin to describe how DELICIOUS it is. Every year, I'm always craving to have one!  Wasn't able to go to Disneyland this year. My sister went though, but she went on an unlucky day when it was raining... Guess what she brought back for me? The Cream Cheese Pretzel!   Yes, it's a bit overpriced (basically everything at Disneyland is), but HIGHLY RECOMMEND it for those who haven't tried it yet! Just FYI, they're usually found on those food cart stands!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm an annual pass holder and I absolute enjoy every single time I go. There's always something new to do and many delicious foods to try.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love Disneyland! A place where adults can feel like kids too! A place for your imagination to grow! There's so much to do! You definitely don't have enough time in one visit to do everything.   There's shows and rides and train rides &amp; parades &amp; at the end of your night enjoy the fireworks!   I loved the Indian jones ride! It was a fun roller coaster sort of ride. The park is huge! You definitely need water &amp; food &amp; water is pricey at the park.   You can rent wheelchair scooters but they might run out.   They check your bags before you go in. Also make sure if you leave and want to come back get a stamp if not they won't let you come back in.   If you have a hopper pass you can go to both parks the same day.   I think California adventures have more teen/adult rides then Disney but it depends what rides you like.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "11/1 perfect weather, perfect day at the park and was not crowded at all. Stayed at ParAdise pier hotel and they allow you to enter Disneyland 1 hour before the public. Had a great time", "rating": 5}, {"text": "They call this \"the happiest place on earth\" for good reason. Disney magic is in the air! Walk through the gates and be transported back to childhood.   On a weekday in mid-January, the lines were short and the weather perfect!  Beautiful landscaping. Very clean. Friendly helpful staff.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Went for my birthday 09/13 and my favorite ride was delayed for \"technical difficulties\". did the cast members happen to mention that before i spent over 45 minutes waiting to ride my favorite ride on my birthday only to be disrespected by a cast member after thanking them for ruining my birthday. She seemed to not care at all... why is she still employed with you?  I may have outgrown Disneyland  Definitely going to Universal Studios nest year", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am a loyal annual pass holder but I am really annoyed at how the online \"renew\" your annual pass works. \u00a0I figured this is easy, click on the renew link they sent me and that's it. \u00a0Nope. \u00a0You have to have your annual pass linked to get the special offers of renewing early. \u00a0How would I know this? \u00a0So, of course, I call them to help me and they can't help me. \u00a0Oh so sorry. \u00a0No, you can easily look up my account to see I had an annual pass and when I purchased the new pass, which I thought was the renewal pass. \u00a0Disney doesn't give ANY discounts. \u00a0They upped their entrance fee, food, drinks are all over the top expensive. \u00a0The lines are ridiculous. \u00a0The employees have gotten ruder and can barely smile when working. \u00a0If I didn't have kids, this annual pass would be burned.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "All fun and great except the park attendants could care less about people openly smoking marijuana. So if allowing your small children to get stoned from the people Disney allows to smoke weed openly, then by all means this is your place! Oh and after your stoned toddlers get the munchies you can pay $20 for an ice cream!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It is horrible that Disney has reduced the number of smoking areas in Disneyland to two, and only has one available at California Adventure. \u00a0I spent three days running back and forth to the smoking areas instead of enjoying our time at the park. \u00a0I could have spent so much more money to help disneys bottom line, but instead we spent so much time going back and forth to the smoking areas, it really go in the way of our vacation. \u00a0Sure shows us how we are truely second class cotiz", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Over priced. More for kids than adults. I will never waste my money again. I would go to knott's berry farm before I spent money to go. They would have to pay me to go back there.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Highly recommend buying the MaxPass. It is useful and is very nice to have bby all means. To download pictures or to get fastpass tickets without having to walk to the rides. Simple very friendly app! I'm not a technology type of person and the Disneyland app was super easy to use. As for Disneyland the prices are expensive but a very fun experience especially for special occasions!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Keep it short and simple If y'all give this place LESS the. 5 Stars get the (bleep) [insert w/e word you want] out of here  Like what wrong with you to complain about the happiest place on earth!   It is not a right BUT a privilege to WALK on the SAME damn floor as WALT. So consider yourself bless.  Location: not in NorCal so I just have to drive to get my Disney fix  Food: it's disney food it ain't good for you but it's damn good to eat  Service: Again it's Disneyland if you had a sh.tty day they fix it so don't crying about it and do something about it   Disney is life and if you haven't gotten to experience what ya see in those tv ads then I can only say damn I'm sorry cause you missing out", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Great park, something for everyone. \u00a0I can see most of what I want in a single full day, but two would be better to take it at a reasonable pace. \u00a0Fun rides. \u00a0Fast pass and Max pass works well if you use it efficiently. \u00a0There will be crowds of people even on slow days, but it doesn't seem bad. \u00a0Great amusement park!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Security has zero consistency in regards to what they will allow in the park. I've taken items in that I was told were allowed by several security screeners only to have them confiscated by others at other visits. Funny that all items were approved by TSA for carry-on for flights, but whether or not you're allowed into Disneyland with them depends on the power-trip tendencies of the bag screener you get the day of your visit.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am 63 years old. That means I have been going to Disneyland yearly since it's opening. \u00a0I decided to celebrate two events this year at Disneyland. \u00a0New Year's Eve and our first Wedding Anniversary on January 1st. \u00a0So I decided to buy our tickets online. \u00a0I received my confirmation email within minutes, but did not receive the second email that would have contained the Disney ETickets. \u00a0I called Disney twice and was told TWICE, sorry but there's is trouble with the system and that I would have to bring my confirmation email to the ticket booth to get my tickets. \u00a0I am not happy with that. \u00a0Can Disney please just email me my Etickets when the problem is resolved? \u00a0I bought tickets online for a reason, to avoid at least one long line, the ticket booth line. \u00a0It seems that Disney's ticket vendor should fix this problem and email everyone's Eticket as soon as possible. It's been almost ten hours since the initial email and still no ETicket.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland oh Disneyland what can I say it's such a nice place the kids love it sunny orange county days beautiful days with your family you should go you should go now quit your job go to Disneyland have fun", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Every time I have come to this park which is often ( Annual Passholder) the employees are attentive and very friendly when I need help. I am in a wheelchair so it always takes a bit longer to transfer on and off attractions and I always feel so bad but they are very patient with me. Because I come here so often I have gotten to know more employees and it's always nice to see familiar faces because they already know what I need. I spend most of my time in California Adventure as I have found it easier to transfer directly on and off rides without a transfer bench but it all depends on your preference. Employees are not able to help lift you on the ride but can offer an arm or hand if needed. The only thing I have a hard time with is finding seating for parades. They do have handicap sections in multiple places but they are not regulated. There are many people in these sections that are not handicapped and are only looking for better seating and yes I do understand that red tags assure that strollers count as wheelchairs. However, there are many strollers that are not tagged and they take up spaces for the wheelchairs and most of the time, these designated areas are the only places many others and I can view from since most people stand during the performance.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place has reached an all new low I never in a million years would expect. \u00a0I came to town, waited to take my family till Tuesday, \u00a0waited through the busy weekend, \u00a0busy holiday, \u00a0waited till everyone was back in school to go. What a joke!! It took 2 1/2 hours from the time we pulled into the garage to walking in the gate. \u00a0The lines were HORRIBLE!!! the set up now for every thing is the stupidest I have ever seen. Then after that wait, ever ride was at least 45 to 60 mins wait. Even the small cheesy rides. Who has the patience, \u00a0especially with small kids to wait...again and again in lines like that?! Then rides kept breaking down, making less options. \u00a0We spent $500 to get in and left after less than 5 hours because it was so stressful and everybody was in a bad mood. The never ending sea of crowds were way to much. We are done forever with that place. \u00a0The worst place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We had a blast. \u00a0You must buy the MaxPass which includes the FastPass and photo downloads. It's $15 per person per day but so worth it. In essence, you are standing in two lines at once with this option. Use the single rider option to go on even more rides. Hyperspace Mountain has been completely revamped with a Star Wars theme and it is incredible! \u00a0Star Tours has also been redone and is worth a wait in line. You can bring water and snacks into the park (see website for guidelines) to save some money (food in the park is out of this world expensive - hot dog, chips, and a soda is $15). Didn't get a chance to see the new Star Wars land because getting a reservation is near impossible but I'm sure we'll be back to see it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The one, the only --DISNEYLAND! How can anything beat this magical place? It's the original. I grew up a mile away. I went to Cal State Disneyland (Fullerton). The other place in Florida may be bigger. Not better. THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I honestly can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before! 5/5. It truly is the happiest place on earth. Everything here is so well done and MOST of the staff are beyond friendly and go well above and beyond. My top rides, in on order are Indiana Jones, Thunder Mountain, Matterhorn, Pirates and Haunted Mansion. No details are over looked. Currently on our 3rd time here still love it. Now even with a 5 star rating BRING $$$$. Lots of it, also don't think you are going on a bender. In the original park there is only 1 place for a drink and they have a max. Yes there are places outside the park you can consume and inside at the blue bayou imo you should be able to have wine with a candle lit dinner but you can't. Anyways bring your kids... Come as an adult, its awesome", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Hello I'm a passport holder and now since people started getting sick due to the virus that is airborne in the park \u00a0is affecting me and my family \u00a0the \u00a0disneyland park I haven't be able to take my kids to the park due to the sickness...I just call customer services and I ask for a refund or some kind of help but the person who assist me sound like she was reading a script and told me that Disneyland would not refund nothing and not offer me anything it all.... She mentioned that the park was not close and there was nothing to worry about ?????? even tough some employes got sick this is why I'm so upset been a passport holder for many years and spend a lot of money in disneyland I feel they turn there back on me this \u00a0is not acceptable the customer services was rude and very unprofessional I even ask to talk to her supervisor and guess what they were to busy attending other customers she said it will take up to 24hours for them to contact me this situation makes me wonder about their policies in so call the most happy place on earth????? \u00a0witch mean to me is only about the money and they don't care about the safety for the families \u00a0and not about us customers who spend a lot of money to go to \u00a0the park. I suggest think twice before you bought a ticket or passport since they don't care about the consumers like us then why should spend more money on that park witch is so dam expensive to go there....they need to change the policies and take care their customers good luck...  Disneyland you just lost a happy customer now you have and angry \u00a0ex customer!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If YOU HAVE CHILDREN MORE Then ONE PLEASE DONT GO ON THE WEEKEND ITS TERRIBLE FOR THEM. They suffer they cry in the extremely long (120 minutes line) ,I think I almost cried myself!   Not only that it gets CROWDED &amp; you can't even walk correctly with out dodging people. Then the \"wonderful\" Disney staff start going on a tirade about where you can stand during shows. \u00a0I don't mind moving but when I see moms just trying to rest with their small child and someone comes up to them yelling that they can't stand there thats just wrong Disney.  I went on the weekend THE LINES THE LINES THE LINES WERE TERRIBLE. Go somewhere else don't give them a dime the foods way overpriced, the souvenirs are over priced.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is so much fun and I am always amazed about their rides  No wonder people wanna go there from all over the world.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is the happiest place on earth! I love Disneyland and wouldn't trade it for anything. Wish the tickets were cheaper though. Disneyland has soo many rides to go on. Disneyland is a place where not just kids can enjoy but also adults!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Today disneyland you suck. So many rides breaking down or not open due to renovations. So nearly $200 x3 for our day passes which is actually up $50 from a few weeks ago with less to show for it.. You shouldn't call this the happiest place on earth, when you are literally bilking all your guests here today... We were planning on buying the annual pass for later this year. We will not be wasting our $$$ on that. Stay away till these guys can get there act together again!!! So disappointed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We had the most amazing time at both Disneyland and California adventure park. It was our five year olds first time there. He was completely amazed by all of the rides however, some of them did scare him including pirates of the Caribbean and Mr. Toads ride. We got the collectible alien Santa popcorn holder for $20.(they don't do refills) and when we asked to buy refills we were told we just needed to buy another popcorn. When we stepped to the side to tell our son about it he was brought to tears so we stood back in line to get more popcorn. However, when we were standing there, one of the employees saw him crying and gave him a free popcorn in a souvenir bucket. He felt so special despite the fact that we were going to buy another popcorn but we just want to say thank you to that kind lady! Unfortunately we did not get to eat at the blue bayou and carnation cafe. Be sure to make reservations far in advance for these restaurants because they don't take walk ins. Everything was so magical. Be sure to catch the fantasmic show and the Christmas parade. The Christmas festivities started yesterday on November 3rd. Unfortunately we didn't get to see the 9:30 fireworks show last night because the weather did not permit. The Matterhorn is also closed at the moment which was also unfortunate.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's the place of magic. Although the prices of tickets have sky rocketed over the years. Definitely don't think you can put a price tag on memories, great customer service, and vacation. Also feel like it helps with crowd control. Definitely feel like the parks have been less crowded than before. With the launch of star wars land I was sure it's become crowded again, but that has yet to happen. Marvel land is still set to open next year so things may change at that time. Aside from the prices of tickets I can't really think of anything to complain about. Star wars land is amazing! The attention to detail, making your own lightsabers, character meets, what can go wrong!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I really enjoyed Disneyland. I went a couple weeks ago with my friends. At first I was worried that I was too old to enjoy it. Turns out it was the best place I've ever been to. I would 100% go back there if I could. If you have little kids, I suggest waiting until they are old enough to enjoy and remember it. The first day we went it was sunny and warm and the waiting time in lines were very long. The second day we went it was pouring rain but the wait time in the lines elders very short and it was still worth it. I had a ton of fun both times we went and I wish I was still there enjoying the fun time I had there.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland! \u00a0Be smart! \u00a0Try to bring your snacks, walking shoes, and comfortable clothing you will be straight. \u00a0Don't head there with heels on like some other chicks who have no sense. \u00a0Bring money cause it's not cheap to eat.  Invest in the fast pass. \u00a0Worth the money not to wait in line so you can take full advantage of the park and your time!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I almost feel unAmerican not liking Disneyland. My main complaints are the price, the crowds, and how often rides aren't functioning.  I took my 4 children and for a one day park hopper for our group was $685 plus $16 for parking. It took us 45 min to park, ride the tram, and go through security before we arrived at the gate; and this is an off season middle of the week trip.  Pirates, Haunted Mansion, Small World, Alice in Wonderland, the carousal, and star tours were closed, and at Cali Adv the little mermaid, the jellyfish, and the swings were closed. On top of that they wouldn't let me wait in line with my 6 year old because I was holding my 5 month old. I tried to reason with them and explain I wasn't going on the ride, just supervising my child; NOPE.  I'm not a Disney lover.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "First time at Disney! I had no idea how huge it was, me and my friends did park hopper and we went back and fourth all day. I had a great time, there was a lot of people! I was happy to hear they had a lot of vegan options to choose from at multiple places. The chavelas were bomb! The spicy mango cart is really spicy! I had vegan pizza and it was alright very very thin crust but I was still happy to eat it. No vegan ice cream only sorbet :( Snacks and water are allowed which is nice!  Everything is pricy but not horribly overpriced  Full security around the park and lots of stuff to do. Bring good walking shoes and try to get as many fast passes as possible :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ticket prices are absolutely out of control. One thousand dollars for four adults for three days. This is insane. Additionally, park food and beverage pricing is very steep. One example: dinner pricing at the Blue Bayou is way too high for mediocre food and poor service. F&amp;B pricing elsewhere is the same. DL today is only a shadow of what it used to be. A shame. We'll never go again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The Happiest Place on Earth does not disappoint even though I have visited over 50 times in my life. I definitely noticed some subtle changes this time round. They have renamed Space Mountain to Hyoerspace Mountain (why? I don't get it?) and there are subtle changes on the ride too - it's gone down the Star Wars theme rabbit hole which to me is a bit of a fail as there's plenty of Star Wars attractions elsewhere in the park. Speaking of Star Wars there was a ride in Star Wars land called Millenium Falcon which is so similar to the Star Tours ride just with a bit of button pushing and a much longer line. Star Wars fanatics will probably love it but for the rest of the population it's just ok.  The other classics such as Splash Mountain are fun and cute and a great ride for getting saturated - loved it. This visit my post favourite ride was the Jungle Cruise - do not ask yourself why, this ride Is funny and cheesy and totally corny especially if you get the right guide and we did, his name was Kip. His sense of humour was so dry and I loved it I was cackling the whole time. This is one of Disney's original rides and I love the sentimental aspect of it.  Disneyland is great fun for all ages!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It saddens me to rate Disneyland a one star on this visit, as I have so many wonderful memories here over the years. I was excited to share with my young son the wonder and magic of the Disney experience but did not see this coming.  We visited California Adventure park on Friday and Disneyland on Saturday. CA park was the perfect speed for my son with plenty to do and enough breathing room to walk around the park with relative ease. \u00a0The only downside was that I expected there to be a playground of sorts for my son to romp around based on another person's description but I never found it.  Saturday at Disneyland was a much different story. We stayed at the Grand Californian and had early entry. Thank god. It allowed us to ride a few rides with wait times manageable for a three year old. Finding easy food was so-so and at one point locating a bathroom became a near disaster. \u00a0We retired to the hotel for my son's midday nap. Upon returning, I thought it would be fun to ride the monorail. Little did I know I would be required to fold the stroller before boarding. As you might expect, the stroller was my rolling backpack, so unloading everything in order to fold it was a mess. But none of that is really all that bad - just a grab bag of ordinary mom things to deal with.  Here's the reason for the one star. Saturday evening around 7pm, we were trying to make our way from Frontierland back to the main gate when we got caught in a bottleneck in front of the Haunted Mansion. The crush of people, strollers, and adult motorized carts was not just annoying, it was scary. Tempers of people around us were up - one man dropping f-bombs about his children getting squished (nice irony, no?), the poor worker trying to get a hand cart of boxes through the crowd couldn't move, and i was inadvertently nipping ankles with my stroller because the light was so low I couldn't see where I was going. Thank god nothing sparked the crowd to surge - there would have been casualties, probably children. It is hard to believe that a classy operation like Disneyland would allow such a \u00a0dangerous situation to occur. Is it just for money after all? Needless to say, this was the only truly terrifying thing that happened while at Disneyland - it certainly wasn't the rollercoasters.  I asked many staff about different times of year that might be slightly less crowded than a week before Halloween and there didn't seem to be any good answer. \u00a0If our good experience of Disneyland is going to be for one hour by staying at one of the hotels, I think our love of Disney is going to have to be limited to the occasional movie. Saddens me to think that this might well be my last trip to Disneyland. I just can't justify putting my son in harms way like that again.  And if you think I am faint of heart, know that this is most definitely not the case. I was in Manhattan on 9/11 and have kept my cool in plenty of hairball situations.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The best place on earth Disney land they should make toy story land for us to the Star Wars land should add Anakin skywalker and yoda products such as light savers shirts Disney land is the best the food is the best rides are Awsome keep up the great work Disney Walt would be proud Awsome work never shut down", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland!! \u00a0 My California pass expired when I was having unexpected surgery. \u00a0We called to find out how to renew my pass and were told that you had to come to the park. \u00a0The gentleman told me that there was a 30 day grace period so not to worry. \u00a0I tried to renew on line on a Saturday, I was told by prompts that the membership office was closed, so I went on line and thought that I renewed my pass. \u00a0I called this morning and was informed that there is no grace period for renewal as I was told. \u00a0I was told by the supervisor that I probably called the wrong number both times. \u00a0Bottom line She wouldn't help us for an employees error,and we no longer belong Disney, and that suck's. Walt is turning over in his graveand we both worked there a few years back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It was coo. Pricey as expected for everything in the amusement park but the authenticity and magic of the park is totally worth it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Absolutely the worst place wIth the worst organizational BOH skills  For example there no absolute help when you lost something here  They make you make a claim online and when they find it they send you to the same line which they told you to leave from and make an online claim To which you arrive at any time of day to stand in yet another line  Where they have a line monitor at the 12:30 midnight doing absolutely NOTHING but staring into the CRAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH  INSTEAD of helping the one window open at the lost and found line with over 30 people at past midnight  That's one for today  Another to come tomorrow and will continue to until they get their system in order . Thanks for nothing", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If I could give them no stars I would. I bought tickets to the halloween party in june for Sept 19th. Took half the day off. My daughter was so excited. Did a dance and song and \u00a0everything. We get there and have a pitcher of beer with food at Down town disney. We get to the entrance, get in and at the first bathroom... someone who works there heard me say a cuss word. I said something along the lines of \"I paid alot to be here\" aftwe r her remark of this is a family park, watch your mouth with death eyes. was a lil offended with her \"this is a family park\" situation. Next thing u know security and cops are telling us to leave. Donna is the one who kicked us out for no reason. She said we drank too much to be there. BULL CRAP! WE HAD ONE PITCHER IN DOWN TOWN DISNEY WITH FOOD. \u00a0My husband said u mean the alcohol u sold us? We paid $210 to be there and didnt even make it past the first bathroom. They wouldnt even let us use the tram to get to our car with a child. Which we had no idea where to go. \u00a0Never again will I go there and need my money back! Donna sucks ass at customer service too (ya I cussed).", "rating": 1}, {"text": "haven't even got into the park yet. the lines are horrendously unorganized. we've been in line for about 30 minutes already yet they are integrating people who just got here in front of us.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hated the first time. 3 yrs later, still hated. Overpriced and crowded with long lines for everything. \u00a0Food is ok but way too pricey. Only came cuz the kids wanted to come. Will never come again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This was unfortunate. \u00a0Too many people packed in, and not enough rides working. With a price tag of $200 a head this is not acceptable. \u00a0I feel bad for the parents I overheard talking about how disappointed they were to spend so much and not be able to show their children the magic of Disney that they payed a small fortunate for. \u00a0 I guess the only magic was the food, since that was the only thing to do today. \u00a0   All I ask is please, close the park when the majority of rides are malfunctioning, just out of curtsey for the customers and reopen when all rides are tip top shape. \u00a0 Fuck you Mickey.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Shame on Disneyland. My Son went with his girlfriends family purchased park hopper tickets at almost $200 each and can only get into California Adventure. Disney at full capacity. Disney Customer relations is like  \" Oh well\" Shame on Disney for taking their $ and they can't get into Disneyland. Shame shame.....this family took 10 people pd almost $2000 and can't get into Disneyland... Disney won't comp them tickets for another day or reimburse 1/2.... Just took their $....I'm in disbelief they do this to people.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "First time at Disneyland and it was truly amazing how well this theme park operated. Very well organized, clean, employees are always happy and willing to help. Even being able to bring in snacks and water really made it a great experience. I know we went during the busier time of the year but we were able to ride all of the big rides and some of the small ones. I can easily see how this is the happiest place on earth. I read lots of reviews on how expensive it is and we really didn't spend a lot of money on food. I think if you go for snacks it's not as bad money wise. I would highly recommend going as early as you can and have a plan to go to the big rides that way it's not really long lines later.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I was at the ticket booth today enquirimg on trying \u00a0to cancel an annual pass that i jist renewed and hasnt even started yet and had the misfortune of talking with a manager named moe b she talked down to me with attitude as if i was stupid she was extremely rude and unprofessional when i asked to speak with her manager she said she is the manager and has no supervisor i asked for a witness or someone else to help me she lowered the shades then called security and kept my current passes this is amazing how is she a supervisor i womt be coming here again", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If I could live here I would!! This is my favorite place and I can't get enough! The trick is max pass, mobile ordering and getting to the park early!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place doesn't answer their phones hangs up on you and will transfer around. It will normally take you 45 to an hour to talk to anyone. Then when you finally do talk to someone good luck because more than likely they're going to transfer you or hang up on you. I have caught them in lies. I have caught them stealing my money. They make you wait no less than 40 minutes just to make a payment. When you ask to speak with management good luck because you either have to wait on hold or wait for them to call you back. And by the way I've never been called back. This place has definitely lost touch no Customer Service no business this place needs to go !", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I had such a Amazing day today at the Happiest Place on earth.. Never to old for Disneyland. Thank you to mai Amazing man for this awesome bday week", "rating": 5}, {"text": "C'mon, let's be honest. \u00a0One you walk into this place, all your worries melt away. \u00a0That stack of paperwork on your desk at work; forgotten. \u00a0Those bills you gotta pay; they can wait til you get back home. Your diet; out the window. Keeping the kids on a regular bedtime schedule; not tonight.   Take it from a \"Bah humbug\" type of guy....this place, is truly magical.  Yes, the lines are long. \u00a0Yes, the food is expensive. Yes, not all guests which visit are nice or courteous to each other. \u00a0But for those moments when your child's eyes light up, those moments when you and child cling to each other on a ride, those moments when you bite into that Monte Cristo sandwich at the Blue Bayou and can't help but smile; those are the moments you'll gladly spend a week's salary for a day of entertainment.  When you're talking about amusement parks, there are very little arguments you can entertain which can make the case that Disneyland isn't as good as it gets. \u00a0It's got rides that you wanna ride again and again. \u00a0It's got characters that have stood the test of time which you'll want to take pictures with. \u00a0It's got food you just HAVE TO have when you visit. \u00a0It's super clean, almost everywhere. The employees are all super friendly (even if forced, lol).  My wife, daughter, niece and I are annual pass holders. \u00a0It's the best way to do EVERYTHING that Disneyland has to offer. \u00a0Without the stress of getting on all the rides in one or two days, you can catch a show or parade, come just to dine in and get on a few rides or just come and shop for stuff you can only get in the park (which make GREAT gifts for the Disney lover in your life).  If you plan your day right, you can get Fast Passes to a bunch of rides, which ensure you can get a LOT packed into one visit. \u00a0I've read a few reviews about a \"bad visit\" or two....for a place that operates 365 days a year, this place is pretty consistent on what they are able to offer you year round.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Overcrowded to the max. It's such a hassle to find a spot to simply sit down to eat. You can't walk without hitting the back of someone's shoes. Everything is such an inconvenience. Lines are extremely long, for any ride!! Prices are ridiculous for food, parking, a bottle of water.....Disneyland used to be fun, but now it's the Hunger Games.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Nobody Does it Better Than Disneyland. Disneyland is an expensive place, but you know it's an expensive place so plan accordingly.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is the biggest hoax on Earth. 4 hours is the shortest wait to get on a ride.The affordable food tastes like Wendys vomite meat, and betime the skys dark you feel like it was'nt all that bad of a day. Even their shows are stupid.The only reason people go there to see the movie titles look expensive", "rating": 1}, {"text": "1. I was given a 3-day park hopper for my birthday. The first day I used it was sometime in March and it expires May 25th. 2. Last night was the 3rd visit and I decided to upgrade my ticket to an annual pass. 3. Lady at the ticket booth asks me what day my first visit was. What does that matter, I ask? She also asks do you want to do monthly payments or pay in full? I tell her monthly payments. 4. She steps away and returns and proceeds to tell me that since my first visit was March 19th, I had 30 days from that visit to get an annual pass with a payment plan. I said what? That doesn't make sense. Why would I get an annual pass during my first to second visit when I still have a 3rd visit on this ticket that's already paid for?  5. She says: ma'am that's our policy we don't want you to pay for an extra month since the pass would date back to the date of your first visit. I told her the policy was crap. So she wanted me to pay $440 in full for my pass last night. I basically told her I don't think so. 6. I reviewed your policy and it only states that the annual pass would be back dated to the first day that I used the park hopper, which I get. What I don't get is why I could not do the monthly payment plan, when it is not stated at all that the option of doing that has to be done within the first 30 days of your first visit. Why would I upgrade to a pass so quickly when I have two visits left on my park hopper? This makes no logical sense to me. I hope this gets addressed soon as I will continue to post my story until I get an answer. So disappointed in the way that this is being handled, or not handled for that manner.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland WILL NEVER DISAPPOINT ME. \u00a0I am a Disney child at heart. I have an annual pass which gives me less stress when I am only there for a few hours. Sometimes I will just visit to eat the food there or watch their shows. My favorite time is during halloween and christmas. Their decors are amazing and so beautiful. I wish they can just leave it year round. I cannot wait for what the future holds!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I bought 2 tickets and they charge me 4 times!! It costed me $1000 for just 2 tickets. I couldn't pay my rent because of them and now I have a late fees ! I talked to the manger there and he said It will take 3 days to refund and it was their mistakes! I don't know what to say but I'm gonna wait to receive my money back and pay my rent with a late fees because of them! Thank you very much Disneyland the saddest place in the world!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'm staying at the Adventure hotel on Disney land LA, my wife had a headache and I came down to the front desk of Fantasy Hotel (both hotels reception) and this young Asian lady named Kimberly did not give me a Tylenol and asked me to present her photo ID and room key, I did and she emphasized that my wife has to come down to the lobby to purchase the Tylenol. She was ridiculously rude and unprofessional. Not recommending anyone.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I had fun but I need more than three days to do everything. Learn how to use the app, max pass and your fast passes to get the most out of your trip.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I heard really good things about the fried chicken and decided to give plaza inn a shot . Mind you I'm on a very strict budget and was looking for something affordable yet fun for the kids ! Kudos to Captain Hook ! He was so energetic and was very fun with the kids! \u00a0I know it must be mundane doing the same thing everyday but the fact that he was so energetic despite it being somewhat busy . Thank you for making my trip pleasant . Breakfast was amazing !", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney has clearly lost its way. Walt Disney smoked three packs a day allegedly and they got rid of all the smoking areas. I assume he's rolling in his grave seeing what the park has become. So much for the \"happiest place on earth\". It also was certainly not a happy time when the red rose taverne's poutine gave me food poisoning. I mean unless you're into that sort of violently throwing up type thing for hours.   Not to mention that they're in cahoots with local law enforcement and the local newspapers. They all fail to mention the high crime rates and transients that surround the park area. Interesting. Guess they wouldn't want to scare off the tourists.   Star Wars land is underwhelming at best and depressing at worst. Oga's cantina is the worst \"bar\" I've ever been to. All the hype and there's only gonna be 3 rides?!  They keep raising their prices on food and drinks and everything else. Seems like they raise parking, ticket, and pass holder prices on a quarterly basis.   I was a pass holder until they revoked it. Guess the roughly 10k I spent there over the past 5 years will go elsewhere since I couldn't be paid to go back. Unless they provide a full reimbursement but let's not kid ourselves, they're just another monopoly that is only focused on the money and not the actual customer satisfaction.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Very saddened at not only how expensive this park is, but the conditions as well. \u00a0For what we pay for an annual pass I would expect nothing more than a good time. \u00a0While I do not mind waiting in the occasional line, I do mind 3 rides getting shut down while I did wait/fast pass. \u00a0This is not the first/only time either. \u00a0I will not be renewing my families annual passes, thanks Disney. ?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "First time ever encountered rude people At Disneyland at Flo's cafe (Sunday June 4, 2017 at 12:19 pm check # 3-242) ordered a milkshake in a glass. The lady rang me up for a regular milkshake.. ok no problem i will pay the difference. So i go back to the register and first thing the lady says is i ordered it wrong. Ok whatever.. not sure how u can mistake milkshake in the glass..but \u00a0i paid the $5. Difference , so i go back to to the pick up line. The girl behind the counter chooses to ask 2 other people behind me for their order (all she has to so is hand me the milkshake in front of her)so by the 2nd time she does this i change lines.. the new girl takes my receipt and goes to make my milkshake.. girl #1 now decides so is going to help me.. takes my receipt and goes to get her manager. Manager/Lead comes over and said \" No, you are taking this milkshake\" i said oh its ok someone is already helping me and this one has completely melted because about 15 minutes has gone by. girl #2 comes over with the milkshake she just made and manager \u00a0stops her and says no she is taking this one. I said no i want the one she just made. Manager/ Lead tells me I am not getting that one because she is not giving it to me.. she told me that (melty) milkshake was mine because its first come first serve and I am taking it in the order it was made. I told her again that i didn't want a melted milkshake ( l did have to go back in line to pay the difference so by now it was really melty and she said that is how milkshakes look) i said why are you making this a big deal when she made that milkshake and is waiting to give it to me .Manager/ Lead \u00a0continues to argue with me \u00a0then finally says ok you can have the new one. Girl #2 was very nice and gave me the milkshake. I am shocked that Disneyland allows their employees to talk to and treat guests that way.. Words cannot describe how this experience made me feel. I took my mom to Disneyland \u00a0for her 84th birthday today (Every year we buy her an annual passport for her birthday) On the drive to Disneyland, she told me that she didn't want cake, but wanted \u00a0to go to Flo's diner and try their milkshake.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The parking is just horrible. You paid premium $$$ and all of attendant are all worthless. They just take your money and just leave you hanging. I'm going to renew my annual pass...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "How can I give the happiest place on earth anything less than 5 stars? You just can't. I love it, annual pass holder so we go often and each experience has been great. Been going once a year since I was a kid and then once I became an adult I've gone plenty of times a year with my pass. So fun to get away and be a kid again", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disney and love coming to the park every 4 years or so, but my Mom, sister, niece and I were there December 5th-7th at both parks and I was not impressed with the cast members attitudes or how dirty the parks were, which is very unlike any other experiences I have ever had at Disney. There were multiple times the cast members were very rude to paying customers in the park including the older generation. One incident imparticular was when my mom and I were on the ride soarin around the world and the people next to us were a group of older adults in there 60-70s I would imagine and were having trouble bucking themselves in due to were it was at and asked a worker for help and that cast member yelled at them multiple times and never did help them. When the ride was over I helped them get unbuckled so they didn't have to be treated that way again by the cast members. The parks had garbage all around the park our first 2 days and the ground was dirty/sticky and garbage. Cans were stuffed full and other garbage falling out and blowing around the park. The last day was the candlelight ceremony so the park was cleaner but still not up to regular Disney standards. I've \u00a0alwayS been very impressed with the Disney magic and how you can forget about the world and enjoy yourself with your friends and family for a few days of fun... cast members are usually very friendly/helpful, Parks super clean and sparkly, ect but this time was very disappointing to the point I don't care to go back anytime soon and in a way Disney broke my heart! I wish there was a way to get this to Disney Corporate but unfortunately this is the only way I can find to give a review.   Also we love the idea of the Max pass but when your using more then one phone due to wanting to come into the park at different times,the times are always different even if your right next to each other which makes it hard for your group to get fastpasses for the same time on the same ride. Disney has some things to fix on there Max Pass App.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland Sucks! No compassion. I am a season pass holder. That means nothing here. Happiest place on earth? Such BS.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Been an annual pass holder for the last 14 years. Never been turned away at security until today. Walked through security a dozen times this month with a fake bullet on my keychain and my sons neoprene covered Pyrex juice bottle, until today when I was told my keychain looked like a weapon and glass wasn't allowed. Definitions elude these people and double standards are the norm. Same exact person who let me in three times in the last week decided today I was not allowed. So no shirts depicting weapons or items that \"look like weapons\" (which by definition a bullet is not a weapon) according to the supervisor. I asked when they would remove the weapons from their rides and stop selling them in the park gift shops and she ignored me. Also there are a dozen places on main street where you can buy glass cups, mugs and other items but my super tough Pyrex bottle is not allowed because \"glass breaks and people step on it and cut their feet\" who the hell is barefoot at Disneyland? \u00a0  Honestly in the past two years the parks have gone to shit along with the people who work there. Pass prices keep rising along with prices for things in the parks and the whole security thing is a joke. Selectively enforcing rules based on personal interpretation is extremely unprofessional.   Then we get to the people who come here, I don't know what to say except no one has any respect or manners anymore. People walk like they drive and are generally very rude.   I would say \"happiest place on earth\" is pure false advertising. Needless to say I will not be renewing my families passes this year for many reasons.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland used to be amazing. Have been coming since I was a baby. I have a twin sister with cerebral palsy so she can't walk or talk. \u00a0They used to be more underground about special needs. Currently standing here trying to watch fireworks and she can't see a damn thing. Sad to say but Disneyland has really stopped giving a damn about special needs people and they not care about making money\u200d this is our first day out of three and we are all just already irritated with how things are becoming. \u00a0My sister can't be in small spaces and we told a cast member and still made us go in the huge crowd with people. \u00a0 \u00a0Make ur guests happy. \u00a0  Wish I could say this was still my favorite place to come. But becoming my least favorite.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Me and my wife decided to spend her birthday at disneyland, we are long time passholders (deluxe pass at this moment). She checked for blockout dates online on her phone and it was dark green. White means blocked and green means ok, so we headed to the happiest place on earth. Getting there we were not allowed in because it was a blockout date. How that can be if shows green? After trying to explain our point of view to several people we were denied access to the park with the explanation that was our phone turning the color from white to green to highlight the current date. So be aware that Disneyland does not test their website on different plataforms like smartphones, leading to misinformation.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So much fun!! Nostalgia at its best. The rides are classic. Everything is overpriced but that's Disney for you. Disneyland doesn't compare at all to Disney World but since I live closer to it, it will have to do. Lol", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth. No doubt about it   But if your careful to plan, trust your instincts, and remember its about the memories, it'll definitely help to keep the inevitable meltdowns to a minimum.   Parking: many options! You can park and take the tram to the gates, some hotels have shuttles that you can pay for or are complimentary to take you to the parks. Parking is $20, preferred parking(which I highly recommend if you wanna minimize the walking because you have kids like me) is $35 and is usually much closer to the escalators than it's $20 counterpart   Entrance: gates are full of wonderful employees ready to welcome you into paradise, have your ticket ready so as to not deter anyone else from getting in. Show scheduled and maps are located directly at the entrance and come in many different languages   Food: omg so many great snacks, my fave is the popcorn seriously better than the movies and movies are my fave. They have everything you can think of ice cream baked goods fried yummies and more but be prepared for Disney prices, it pays to be magical   Shopping: sooooo many great shops who all have their own things!! I swear I haven't been to each and every shop but I bet each has their own unique things I could spend a whole week here and still not visit every shop  Rides: I love each and every ride in dland, CA not so much but each ride at dland is just built to make you experience the splendor the joy that carnivals and other parks just fall short of.   Shows: I have successfully seen every night time show and I can honestly say I feel fantastic is best, it captures the original spectacles of Disney and incorporates its newer counterparts!!   Number one rule, be magical like Disney and live aloha!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I purchased the daily admission on Disney website with maxpass for my self and my 4 year old daughter to visit the so called, The \"WONDERLAND\" for $145 plus $20 parking  It was a peak day (12/31/18) and Disney charges peak dollar for the customers...which is $135 and plus $10 I knew I wanted to get Maxpass for the fastlane benefits (even though it's really not a fastpass, more Mini me pass for the amount of rides you are accepted)  I didn't buy the ticket for my 4 year old, because I think most parents are like me.. if your kid is 2-4 years old, you can just pass through and tell the employees that shes under 3.. I mean If it was $30-50 per child ticket, I wouldn't mind paying them, but paying identical amount like adults ticket for a 4 year old is ridiculous.   So everything was smooth and cool at the Park, walking around to find the fun rides for my daughter. We took pictures with the characters and waited in the long lines of Alice in Wonderland, Space ship ride, and Roger's Tune town ride..   Lines were so long..we literally waited around 50-60 minutes per ride, so we only got to finish 4 rides I think.   Waiting in the line for the parents and kids can be exhausting and excruciating pain mentally and physically.   I understand the Disneyland Employees don't want to work on the New year's eve and New year's day. They probably complain about their life and their paycheck everyday.   But it is absolutely NO EXCUSE for an Disney Employee to scold and threaten a customer who paid and trying have a fun time with their kid.   My daughter and I waited 60 minutes to ride the space ship ride thing (forgot the name) and we were so happy we got in the ride.   I was talking to my daughter and adjusting the seatbelt, and suddenly a FAT &amp; LARGE (excuse my language) white male employee in his early 40's came and pointed his finger at me like i'm a low life scum bag in a jail cell and said exactly this word... \"PUT THAT SEAT BELT\"  I don't know if he was having a bad day or if he talked like that everyday to customers, but his tone of voice and finger gesture was VERY VERY offensive and rude.  I swear if i gave him that LAPD badge and uniform, I would've thought I got pulled over at Disneyland by a cop.   He could have asked me CAN YOU PUT YOUR SEATBELTS ON PLZ, which should be a standard customer service training at ANY COMPANY...   Instead he gave a tone and a command like he is a law enforcement officer. So I gave him the same respect that I FELT like he deserved.   I told him \"I GOT IT , RELAX\" in the similar \"defending my self\" tone.  All of sudden his face turn red and he said \"WHAT DID YOU SAY TO ME?\"   I told him same thing again.. \"I Will the seatbelts on RELAX\"  His tone changed way more aggressive and he said \"DO YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH ME?? DO YOU WANT TO GET KICKED OUT OF THIS PARK? DON'T GIVE ME YOUR ATTITUDE OR I WILL HAVE MY SECURITY TAKE YOU OUT SO YOU CAN'T RIDE ANYTHING HERE\"  I told him \"I don't have a problem with you and I'm not leaving and going anywhere. YOU NEED TO RELAX and CHILL!\"  He kept threatening me and came up to my face and scolded and raised his voice so everyone can hear him. I could have reported him and could have made this issue worse, but i did not want to RUIN my daughter's special day at Disney because of my issue.   I told him \"everything is cool and we will ride this and leave. I don't have a problem with you so you can go back\"  He really wanted to kick me out but he walked way. I was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\u00adOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\u00adOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\u00adOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\u00adOOOOOO mad... you can see how mad I was with the EXTRA O's I wrote above..SMH...  this rudeness and impoliteness of Disney employees continues 2 more times through out the day with different employees, but with less severity.   I guess these Disney employees are really stressed and complains alot about the customers visiting Disneyland. But that right there.. That is not acceptable in any circumstances EVER..   Disney! please retrain your employees on the priority ASAP.  Please have your employees ALWAYS start the sentence to a customer with \"CAN YOU PLEASE?\" or \"WILL YOU PLEASE\"  It is not that hard... Please respect a human being, nevermind a customer.  As a Man, a father of 2, husband, and a son... I'm announcing to all my fellow yelpers, that my family and I will temporarily BAN visiting Disneyland for next 5 years because of this incident.   I will monitor, analyze, and gather all future information on Disneyland's customer's service quality through other family and friends for next few years and revisit to evaluate their quality of customer service.   Hope all my fellow yelpers to have a Happy New year's and be safe!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So a few rides dIdnt have the handicap seating available and they wouldn't let my date into the rides by letting me carry her on board, then she buys me a one of a kind general grievous bust that she carried around all the way to the front. When we can back to pick it up and they broke the damn thing and had no way to replace. They didn't even make any effort to order another one right away and have it shipped to us, all they said was \"we don't know when we will get them back in but we will call you\", yeah fuckIng right. I used to work there and we made every effort we could to replace something missing or broken so \u00a0why couldn't they for us. Then they off us fast passes a half hour before the park closes, what the fuck is that gonna solve??? They have her the refund and said have a nice day, yeah not gonna happen Disney, what should have been a mAgical day for her was ruined bEcause you guys can't keep handicap seating available, refuseD to let me carry her on board safely and you broke her gift to me smh", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I always have a good time here ever since the first time I came with my grandfather. It truly is the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The happiest place on Earth will always make you happy! The new Star Wars land is great with the mini shows and the characters working around. All other attractions are great as always. I hope the COVID pandemic will go away soon so I can go again with my family and friends.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What more can you say it DISNEY LAND !!! Best coke churros and Fried Chicken !!! Too packed is the only issue love you Disney", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have a Disney Pass, so I love coming to the park but only for a few hours at a time. I spent all day in the park on Tuesday and it was a really long day. It was packed because it's summer time, but having the Max Pass really helped us to avoid lines and we were able to buy a friend ticket at a discount price for having a pass. Everything's overpriced, but you're allowed to bring in your own food and drinks so that's one way to save a lot during the day. We had breakfast at the Storybook Cafe &amp; it was so good the buffet had a lot of options &amp; characters came to the table to take pictures with the kids.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We love Disneyland! Some of the staff are hit and miss, but the characters and rides are wonderful! My daughter is a year old and she loves going! There is so much to see and they are constantly improving the visuals in the Park! Something I've been noticing over time is how good the food in the park is getting! We ate at a Mexican restaurant on the fast food side in downtown Disney and is was great! Dole whip and beignets in the park are fabulous! If you are able to plan your trip on the right day like we did today it was such an enjoyable trip, not a huge crowd, and cool weather! Disney is a must at least once!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Obviously the best place on earth. You wont find clam chowder or dole whip outside this place as amazing as youd get it straight from here", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is the best place ever. \u00a0Now maybe I am bias, because I live 5 minutes away... \u00a0or maybe it is the most magical place ever!!! \u00a0I want to believe the latter. \u00a0Anyone going to this magical place will surely find something to love. \u00a0Currently they are celebrating Mickey and Minnie's 90th birthday.. \u00a0lots of special foods and treats for the occasion. \u00a0Special parade and fireworks!!! \u00a0Love love love it here!! \u00a0Come and see for yourself!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Though some of their new rules are odd in terms of regulation of strollers. Still the happiest place on earth and can't wait to take my Daughter!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place isn't called the happiest place on earth for nothing! I absolutely love it here and 100% believe that this place has something for everyone! If you know tips and tricks like max pass the lines won't be an issue. Food prices are a little steep but that's to be expected at a theme park but Disneyland had more options than other parks which are about the same price. Beignets are one of the best bangs for your buck and there's tons of more affordable foods! Rides and character meet and greats are my favorite things to do and be sure to not miss fantasmic! Download the app so you can have a map and wait times which is a great help. You will definitely have a great time here! Proud annual pass holder!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Sorry Disney. \u00a0Corporate greed has ruined the experience. \u00a0When the park is this full... as it is tonight... you need to close admission. \u00a0I ended up being diverted away from the main parking area. \u00a0Took me AN HOUR to get to the Toy Story parking where I parked in one of the last available rows.  When it's this crowded lines are too long and visitors become rude.   There was long lines in security which was unnecessary since there was 16 available kiosks which you could have had additional personnel to get customers through.  I don't think I'll ever renew my pass again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love love love Disneyland however their customer service in various areas of the resort are HORRIBLE!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Nov 3 spent a day with the wife and misses  I had fond memories as a child but the magic was not there that day Not enough people in costume - I remember boat load of characters as a child and only saw minny and Micky and goofy in toon town and the lines were 1/2 hr to just get a picture  Well I did see the back side of Thor ( going into a employe only section) A lot of people not enough characters and some of my favorite rides were down  The next day went to universal and had loads more fun", "rating": 1}, {"text": "BORING! UTTERLY EXHAUSTING. AND WAY OVERPRICED.I didn't like it as a child or as an adult. God only knows how much money they charge now for this stupidity.  Better leave a trail of peas to find your way back to your car!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been coming here since I was a little boy in the 1950s. As a kid I thought the place was sheer magic. As an old man, I think the same. It is meticulously clean, well run, and a joy to explore.   Favorite places are the New Orleans Square, where we sit down for beignets and coffee, the Haunted Mansion, the riverboat, Tomorrowland and the castle. The park in Orlando has a taller castle, but it made me feel like I was walking in an imitation.   I liked the submarine ride better before they turned into into Nemo's adventure, but that is quibbling. If you were to make a short list of places in America that you have to see, this would make the top five. It is a monument to the genius behind packing so much into a relatively limited space. Highest recommendation for all ages.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Definitely the happiest place on earth for children but not for the Paying Adults. I reccomend taking children under the age of 10 that still enjoy the Disney characters. Otherwise this place was very boring. No rides or alcohol (which will change soon I'm sure) the Disney park serves alcohol I suggest the adults go there after(right next door). Wow...this park is EXPENSIVE.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have two main reasons for my one-star review - (1) Disney's increasingly aggressive anti-SoCal resident policies and (2) a serious decline in operational quality &amp; execution.   (1) As a longtime Anaheim resident, I am disgusted by the anti-local policies that Disney has put in place. First, they have removed the popular So Cal annual pass option. They removed the option to add parking to a non-premium annual pass. Free parking is a thing of the past at Downtown Disney. Now, you get three \"free\" hours with a minimum purchase of $20. Each of these changes makes it more difficult for Southern California residents (and especially lower income families) to patronize the parks. I get that Disney would much rather have the \"out-of-state family-of-four\" who spend like it's going out of style but they are really turning their back on the local community. \u00a0  Disney has utilized their limitless pockets to outmaneuver the city of Anaheim for the last 50 years. You should search for \"How one election changed Disneyland's relationship with its hometown\" for an interesting LA Times article on the subject. There's no magic anymore - just endless corporate greed and a slavish devotion to their profit margins.  (2) Operationally there has been a serious decline as described by many recent reviews. Partial list of things that I observed on our most recent visit: *The security checkpoint seems to now be staffed with off-duty TSA employees. There will be a long wait and you will feel like your privacy has been invaded.  *The Frozen show at the Hyperion is a travesty compared to the Aladdin show it replaced. The whole audience just kinda sat there while the cast tried their best but failed miserably to connect with the crowd.  *We encountered two very curt employees - one at a refreshment stand and another on the Grizzly Rapids ride who both delivered guest service on par with that of what you'd expect at a Walmart.  *The food quality seems to have deteriorated to middle school cafeteria levels.  *The restrooms in Downtown Disney were in terrible shape with graffiti and grime buildup everywhere.  *They close so many attractions in their \"off-peak season\" that the lines for other attractions are insane. 2.5 hours for the Cars ride? 90 minutes for Matterhorn? No thanks.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Decided to go to Disneyland, since it had been almost 15 years since the last time I had went and I live in Beverly Hills. Purchased the Southern California Season Pass for $199 so we could check out both Disneyland Parks.  The place was horribly packed with kids and parents. There was a line for everything, even a line for going to the restroom that day! My friends and I stayed there a total of 1 \u00a0hour after walking around and left. Screaming children and frustrated parents everywhere! Wall to wall people and huge 2 hour lines for rides!  I will never go to Disneyland on a busy day again. I cannot believe parents can enjoy such a crowded conditions and enjoy anything at all.with their children. We promptly went to California Adventures which was 100 times better and much less crowded.   As a word of warning never go to Disneyland during the holidays or popular vacation times. I learned my lesson that day!  NEVER GO during the week after New Years! I was informed it stays busy at least a week after New Years with horrible crowds of vacationing families!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It was great! Never been here before (been to Disneyland several times) We did the free pass ($10 bucks each) we were able to do 12 rides in one day (which is amazing at Disney). The best ride was Indiana Jones, hands down! Also enjoyed great moments with Lincoln and Roger Rabbit's cartoon spin. we took the photos with the Star Wars characters which was awesome!!! Photos were free to download because they came with the free pass deal. One thing they need is more signage for the restrooms(they feel hidden unlike Disney world that has signage everywhere.) Overall we had lots of fun and hope to came back in the future.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The park itself was fun, however we stayed at the Disney Paradise Pier hotel and it was AWFUL!!!!!  The pool staff had the rudest lifeguards/staff imaginable ( they spent most of their time talking to each other ),plus when I booked the trip only two weeks in advance, They said it had the best pool with slides only to arrive and only one pool was open, all the slides were closed due to construction.   The hotel itself was run down and had a funny smell. You have to wait an average of 10 minutes for an elevator.  I could go on but I don't want to waste anymore of my time.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney maintained by Uncle Scrooge? Disney is one of the most expensive theme parks where even parking is not pro rates but rather charged in 30mins incremental post first hour. Despite such high charges they wouldn't spend in having right type of detectors to scan/check women's purses but rather have security people peep though ladies bags going through all the zippers!! Kudos Disney.. u are living upto your \"Uncle Scrooge\" character!! \u00a0  (P.S. This is the only reason for one star! Else would have certainly rated more)", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney land is an amazing place to Visit with the Whole family. \u00a0I Love this place, \u00a0it is hard not to appreciate the awesome place. \u00a0One of the most beautiful and amazing places on earth.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Super long wait times for rides, staff railroads guests, broken rides that have not been updated in 30 years, extremely expensive, Mickey ears are 27.99?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Extremely expensive \u00a0back in 1982 disneyland tickets use to be $10 dollar's for kids and $20 for adults. Disneyland is a nightmare \u00a0for your wallet and your bank account. I don't care to go the happiest place on earth is my bank account \u00a0lol haha.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Terribly overcrowded. \u00a0Always. \u00a0Pack them in like sardines. \u00a0Mr. Walt must be rolling over in his grave .  If you are a \"Disney Freak\" then you know all the tricks and might get on a few rides. \u00a0Those people don't really care how crowded it is, they have season passes and can return next week and the week after that and the week after that. \u00a0Meanwhile families that save for years for their \"trip of a lifetime\" are lost in the confusion. \u00a0Sorry, but when Walt built this place, he didn't mean for people to have to do six months of research before visiting . \u00a0It should be easier. \u00a0And more fun. \u00a0And less crowded. \u00a0This place is out of control.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What the hell disneyland, if you want to make EVERYONE comfortable and happy that should include smokers. Not having even on single smoking area is seriously wrong. I come here multiple times a year I won't be anymore. Today has been the worst experience I've ever had here and it's the least busy day I've ever come. The employees don't even seem to be the same anymore, nobody smiles and they're rude. I can't believe I hate Disneyland now :( it also makes me really uncomfortable to see all these women, girls and some boys dressed so provocatively. If you really cared you would have a dress code that you couldn't look like a prostitute. It's offensive and gross...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's a whole new world!!! What a wonderful world!!! I'm sure you understand by now that it's quite amazing at Disneyland. I went by myself, so I must say, I got to experience it in a little bit different fashion then others with kids or big groups. The holidays are clearly a big time here. The dazzle and lights will bring in plenty of crowds. The beignets, mint julep drinks and the grey stuff (it's delicious, just ask the dishes) are all a must if you are going to eat ANYTHING here!! The rides are always evolving. Everything from the basic carousel to the intense Indiana Jones adventure can get people to become kids again. Get there right when the park opens and there won't be a line at the \"popular\" rides. Or be like me: Be a single person and get in the single rider line!!! I got through a 60 minute line in about 10 minutes. I loved Disneyland!!! And I always will!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Went here to celebrate a birthday, had fun all day until the end of the day a Disneyland worker by the name of Kolby ( working on space mountain ride) was extremely rude and mean, it was hurtful to be treated by her that way. I was enjoying every minute until the encounter with her brought me to tears. The happiest place turned into the saddest place. I don't know why she was so mean. I did report her to Disney, and they called her unstable which made me feel better at the time.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland went from the happiest place on earth to the scariest moment of my life I'm giving this five star review because somehow and that wide world of wonderful things they were able to find his last ass in the middle of everything so thank you Disneyland staff   Ps this is after my grandfather wasn't Able to. Describe the clothes he was wearing nor his mother f*cking description  Incredible service", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love Disneyland &amp; California Adventure! SO much to do and experience that it's impossible to fully experience it in a day or 2. That's why I have an AP Pass. Good food and an infinite number of choices you can make to have a good time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This used to be the happiest place on earth for me... UNTIL I BECAME DISABLED! I'm actually not a complainer but I do like to be treated with respect and get what I pay for just like any other human in this earth. It took me juuuust about a year to be able to write this review and to go public with my heath issues but i am here !!! I have lupus and severe rheumatoid arthritis... these two massive changes in my life came with baggage A.K.A anxiety and depression... all these things the common person can NOT SEE . Unfortunately i don't pop out in purple spots when I have an anxiety attack or stripes when I'm flared with my lupus and unable to keep anything down ... including water. So I used to have the annual pass because like i said I lived at \"the happiest place on earth\" however I googled and called ahead to ask how to go through their disability program due to me having to stop every 2 miles to puke or use the rest room from San Diego to LA, we were limited in time and after every stop I get more and more fatigued.   Long story short I get to guest services: ask them if I need to show them dr paper work or diagnosis and \u00a0the gentleman on the other side said \"but what's wrong with you\" to my Im in a flare up with lupus, arthritis and to be honest i suffer from severe depression and anxiety RN so this is my first time out.\" - needless to say I was so disappointed not only did he not approve my disability pass so that I would have a chance to ride more than ONE ride !! I also had a problem with the wheel chair ... umm DISNEY...???? When was the last time you rode in your wheel chairs on your pavement?? It's impossible to do anything at your park if you have a auto immune disease!!! i want to ENJOY Y MY HAPPIEST PLACE SOOO BAD!!! But your whole park is in even !!! It hurts and made me throw up every time we crossed Main Street and then I had no where to run and throw up in because there is no disabled bathroom or at least I had no access to one. At the end I rode \"Pirates of the Caribbean \" one of my faves but I left so disappointed by the staff and park. When we went to return the chair at this point I'm dead ... and they didn't have enough escorts and the 2 kids said they needed to clock out so we needed to leave it and we did. Two of my friends had to basically carry me to the car. In case you don't know the worst part of being disabled is having to loose independence especially in front of hundreds of people \u200d\u200d\u200d thanks Disney", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disneyland! What's there to say! It's amazing and magical! The annual pass prices have gone up and I do feel that they don't offer as many AP benefits as they used to, but I also understand why. I will never get tired of coming here and can't wait for Star Wars land to open!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is not the Disneyland of the past. \u00a0Overcrowded and overpriced. \u00a0Makes no sense in paying for fast pass when it does not apply to all the rides and you can only make advanced reservations every two hours after making the previous one. \u00a0Food concessions are crappy. \u00a0Worse part is there are no directional signs especially to the restrooms. \u00a0When you get there there's always a line because there are only four toilets and urinals in the men's restroom. \u00a0You're screwed if you can't wait to do number two!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Fun but too expensive and too crowded even on a Monday after spring break ended. Go to Knotts berry farm instead. \u00a0Less expensive less crowded and just as fun.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Spent $400 on tickets and MOST of the rides were an hour long wait time. Fast passes aren't actually fast passes (they are a complete waste of time and money). We left and went to Dave and busters and had probably the most magical time anyone could ever ask for. Universal is so much better!!!!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Over crowded. Internet said it was supposed to be a ghost town today, HA! 65 minute wait for Indian jones is not a ghost town. This'll be our last trip here.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I miss the years that my husband, Kermit Wood, worked at DCA \u00a0 and I benefited from his cast member discount and gate pass!! \u00a0I miss everything about the parks: the food, rides, and the looks on the children's faces. \u00a0We moved back to my home state of Washington, and I had a blast showing hm all the places here.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "*WARNING***   Please, please share so others don't get ripped off!!!  Disneyland So. Cal. is NOT the \"Happiest\" place on earth. \u00a0Despite what you may have heard on radio or TV, \u00a0about \"Halloween Nights at Disneyland\", DO NOT go there this Halloween Season. \u00a0What they do not tell you on the current commercials is that your Day Pass and your Annual Pass do not apply. \u00a0You had to have bought these Halloween Nights at Disneyland Tickets 3 months ago. YES...that would be another $120+ on top of what you paid for your \u00a0Day Passer, if you wanted to stay for the evening were you told you'd have to also pay for evening passes? \u00a0 We pay $216/mo to Disneyland for Premium Annual Passes. \u00a0We were only told about \"Black Out Days\"...not \"Black Out HOURS\", for which no info is posted on their black out day calendars. \u00a0Got there last night at 6:00. \u00a0Got kicked out at 7:00. \u00a0(There were others who paid over $100 for day passes in the late afternoon, thrn got kicked out a few hours later) \u00a0When I complained as did dozens of others at Disneyland City Hall (there was a huge group), we were showed \u00a0the \"fine print\" after you drill down 5 or so pages on the Disney website. \u00a0Stupid all of us!  The saddest part us that they had Anaheim PD on the facility. \u00a0Officer David Garcia of the Anaheim PD bent down to my granddaughter and said, \"So sweetheart, how old are you?\" \u00a0\"11.\" \u00a0 So you understand why you have to leave?\" \u00a0My granddaughter\"s answer, \"Yes, because Disneyland sells Annual Passes and the lies about when you can come in.\" \u00a0From the mouth of babes and this will always be her Disneyland memory. \u00a0It certainly not the answer the officer was looking for. \u00a0I thought the crowd of complainants was going to applaud.  By the way, does anyone know who Donna Disney is? I'm handicapped and do not have motor control over my arm. \u00a0I dropped my cell phone and glasses on the ground. \u00a0Donna Disney came out of City Hall and whispered in my ear \"You get down on the ground and pick up your glasses and cell phone right now! \u00a0I would not accept that throwing behavior from my children, let alone my dog.\" I told \u00a0her I couldn't help it, and she again reiterated \"Get down on the ground a pick those damn things up!.\" \u00a0I asked her, WHO ARE YOU? \u00a0She said she owned the Disney Parks after working there 26 years. \u00a0Does anyone know Donna Disney?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'm a huge Disney fan, both world and land. But my latest experience buying tickets has made me not want to go through the trouble ever again. At first I bought disneyworld tickets and called to cancel and buy Disneyland tickets like I meant to. They were great about refunding. The issue came when I tried to buy Disneyland tickets. I purchased them last week and the money was taken from my account. Then suddenly the money was put back in yesterday with no explanation, call, or email. I called and was informed my tickets were no longer valid and were not officially purchased. But I had received a confirmation email and was never informed of any issues. Had I not called, I would've arrived to the park and had a nasty surprise. I was able to buy the tickets today to pick up Saturday but all this trouble I've gone through is not worth doing again. This will be my only trip to Disneyland unfortunately. I can't afford to have a future purchase mess up and not know about it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disneyland!  Parking is organized and the lot is huge. I highly suggest taking a picture or writing down where you parked. Security is quick, organized, and friendly. The shuttle that takes you to the park and back to the parking lot, runs smoothly and on time. Lines are to be expected at Disney, especially if you visit during peak times. Everyone had a great time. There is so much to see inside. Rides are well maintained. Plenty of good eats all around. Employees around the park are the best! Everyone is so helpful, friendly, and welcoming.  So grateful we were able to visit.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The staff is super RUDE!!!! Didn't enjoy Disneyland last month I was there after going for so many years...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always a wonderful place to go where EVERYONE is happy and the atmosphere is full of fun. \u00a0  The employees are always kind and friendly, plus they go way out of their way to help you or make you feel comfortable in any way they can, and that's an understatement.   There's rides for every age and there are lands within the park full of rides, all for different ages so adults are just as happy as their kids. \u00a0Even as an adult, the kids rides are cute to go on and try. When you walk through the park you will be surprised at how gorgeous everything is, especially their gardens and how clean it is. \u00a0It's also a safe environment for kids.  Sadly, I used to be a pass holder, but they have gone up so much in price. \u00a0It may be affordable for some to have passes, but I doubt many families, or the average person, could afford a pass. A trip to one park costs $100 so you can always go at least once in a while and in my opinion it's REALLY, REALLY worth it!!! \u00a0You will have a great time and you will also have some special new memories for the rest of your life. \u00a0  This truly is a special place to go and there doesn't seem to be anything like it. \u00a0There are so many small details that add up to make this an amazing place to visit. \u00a0Disneyland truly does make magic come alive, and I feel it's far superior to the other parks out there.  Have a magical day!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Get with the program, Mickey--There should not be a smoking-section anywhere in the resort. The hazards of second-hand smoke are well known and cigarettes have no place in \"the happiest place on Earth.\" For shame.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is a wonderful place to go. Be prepare to walk alot. Really suggest to get the fast pass. That way you dont wait too long in line", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This park is the cleanest, classiest theme park on the planet. They are constantly experimenting with new ways to get people in and out safely and efficiently, they're always improving their food, and the growth of their Halloween time in the past few years has been a strong addition. Yes, it is crazy expensive. This is a place where you pay for what you get. It's high-quality. Quality is worth playing for. Pro tip: use your Disneyland app for everything. Do not wait in line for food. Order your food on the Disneyland app and don't wait in lines. Yes, get the max pass and use it on your phone. Long line? Play the Disneyland Games App that they provide for you on your phone. Use the Park's free Wi-Fi. Most of all, have a bunch of fun!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Sucks that they're getting rid of the premium passes my boyfriend and I have had for 3 years. They're making it even more difficult now for people to be able to purchase these passes. They're now going to be almost $1,000 per pass who the hell has money to drop on that, let alone wants to? Bye bye Disneyland unfortunately this will be the last year I'll be able to go before my pass expires. \u00a0Greedy SOB's", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great experience for my 3 year olds first time at Disneyland. \u00a0We bought tickets at a discount through our employer which were cheaper than AAA and Costco. \u00a0Also Park-hopper passes are typically about $50 more expensive. \u00a0We saw Mickey at his house, and Sofia's dance party, and at \u00a0Goofys Kitchen. \u00a0Clean park, excellent service and wholesome family fun. \u00a0Get the max pass, all the photos are downloadable and easy to share. \u00a0Great feature for only $10.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth, of course its pricey but everyone in your family will have a good time. Adults can be kids for the day...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Avoid this tourist Hell at all costs. So many strollers you will leave with run over feet, bruises on your legs and frustrated emotions.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am an annual pass holder at Disneyland and let me tell you, I have never gotten on the jungle cruise ride before and I went on yesterday and got off with a GREAT experience. Our boat captain was Katie and she made me laugh the whole time! Definitely would recommend this ride and if you're lucky to get Katie be ready to laugh the whole way! Thank you Katie for the laughs!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This review is specifically for lost and found. We were at Disneyland this past Friday and it was a hot day. We took out water bottles and one being a Yeti. \u00a0For anyone that plans on visiting the park DO NOT LOSE/LEAVE Your water bottles of any kind at the park. They DO NOT even make it to lost and found for safety reasons. That tumbler was $50!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's been six years since I've last been here, and the last time I was here, we only went on 3 rides and spent a ridiculous amount of money. \u00a0This time, though, we made out. Idk if it was because it was a weekday, or if it was bc of the recent earthquakes, or if it was bc it was after a holiday; but, whatever the reason, I was happy.  We got there around 8:00 and went through 3 rides with a wait time of only 5 minutes: Buzz Lightyear, Star Tours, and Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage. It was great. We also utilized their FastPass which helped on other rides such as Roger Rabbit, Space Mountain, and Indiana Jones.  It became pretty unbearable with the heat between 1:00-3:00, so having a water mister or face towel to get soaking wet would really help. Also, bringing your own food can help stave off the munchies for a while. We packed sandwiches, and snacks, and water which they let us in without an issue.  Food can get expensive, but if you'd like a nice soft serve ice cream, they're really reasonable in Toon Town--got 3 for $12.   NOTE: If you have someone in your party who is disabled, you may not need to spend money on a FASTPASS as the disabled get to go to the front of the line for the most part (but they have to ride the ride with you).  Also, around April, I had gone to Safeway grocery store and they had special tickets (SEE PIC). If you have the funds and want extra time there then this might be for you.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland!  It's almost always great and is if you consider just the parks themselves. Once you fold in the people and parking and costs and lines and crowds you can start to find flaws if you want to find them, but it is what it is, so you just gotta deal with it. It's a historically popular place so there will be crowds.  The secret of going in a rainy day is no longer a secret and sometimes appears worse than a crowded sunny day.  In the end you'll have a great day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always an amazing place with unforgettable memories and experiences. Not sure how anybody could have a bad time here, there is so much to offer here and what a variety in terms of rides, shows, and other attractions. This place is guaranteed to be a great time if you plan your day right, and it is beautifully decorated. Sure, the lines can be bad, but use common sense and plan smart. Also, staff members are friendly and polite.  Top rides to do (the must do list): Hyperspace Mountain Indiana Jones Adventure Millennium Falcon Smuggler's Run Star Tours Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters Big Thunder Mountain Splash Mountain Matterhorn Bobsleds Pirates of the Caribbean Haunted Mansion Peter Pan's Flight Roger Rabit's Cartoon Spin It's a Small World Alice in Wonderland Autopia Dumbo  Rides also recommended (if time) list: Jungle Cruise Finding Nemo Submarines Mr. Toad's Wild Ride Storybook Land Canals Tarzan's Treehouse Gadget's Go Coaster Casey Jr. Circus Train Disneyland Railroad Monorail  Don't miss the great shows as well, including the fireworks show and light shows. They are amazing! The parade is also pretty cool too.  I recommend getting a fast pass or max pass to help reduce the wait times on lines. I also recommend checking out Disney's California Adventure (including getting a Park-Hopper Pass) as that is also great fun as well!  Be sure to spend time in the new Star Wars Galaxy's Edge as that is amazing and so much to look at there! All and all always fun, and hope you have a great time.  Overall score: 10/10", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So here we are again almost exactly one year later at Disneyland. Our daughter really wanted to give it another try for her birthday because last years trip was rainy and cold. This trip was much better, plenty of California sun and fun for everyone.  The park overall wasn't that crowded and we were very surprised to get right in while avoiding most lines.  This was the first time experiencing the parade and it was truly amazing. We found a bench right on the curb for the best view around. Everyone was wishing her happy birthday as they passed by and it made her feel really special which I appreciated so much.  Now that the Star Wars area is open I noticed tons of upgrades like fresh paint on areas that were totally rusted out last year which was cool to see.  If I could make one suggestion it would be to make sure you get the fastpass, it's worth every penny. If not for the fastpass we would've missed out on a lot of rides but nope we rode it all, lol!  Highly recommend rounding up the fam and checking Disneyland out at least once. It's hard to put a price on such great memories that you'll have forever.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's no secret that I hate Disneyland - as one young child stated during my prior visit, \"this is pure misery.\" There is absolutely no \"magic\"; all that exists is a mega-corporation seeking to maximize profits at the costs of its guests health and safety. \u00a0Each of the two times I have attended this year my entire party has got sick. \u00a0Three days after the initial visit, we came down with the flu, which lasted an entire week. \u00a0Two days after the second visit, we came down with a severe cold, which included nasal congestion and a sore throat. \u00a0This is entirely unacceptable given that my party consists of healthy adults in their mid-twenties without children, who consistently used hand sanitizer after every ride and before eating.   Why might this level of illness be present at Disneyland? \u00a0I can only speculate, but it is clear that the park has not employed any reasonable prevention practices - and therefore the park breads illness. \u00a0There are limited bathrooms, or areas to wash before eating; there should be washbasins at EVERY restaurant and ride, or at least hand sanitizer. \u00a0Guest, including inpatient and tired children, should not be forced to travel half a mile to locate a bathroom in order to engage in proper sanitation. \u00a0Instead of focusing on guest health, the park demonstrates an unwavering dedication to profiteering, dedicating endless space to shops, filled with expensive, junk.  Presumably seeking to only further hamper guest immune systems, Disney, as part of its sick joke, offers no healthy food options. \u00a0Most of the food is salty, greasy, and filled with transfat. \u00a0The park also refuses to make health accommodations for guests. \u00a0For example, the park refuses to sell a side of steamed white rice at the Bengal Cafe. \u00a0Rather, guests are required to purchase a meat skewer, dowsed in salty and high calorie sauce, in order to get a side of steam rice.  Adding insult to injury, the park itself is not worth the accompanying cost, food inconvenience, or illnesses. \u00a0Even on a low attendance day, the park is a total rip off, due to the hour-plus long lines and endless ride breakdowns. \u00a0On our most recent visit, Indiana Jones and Hyperspace (and other rides) were offline for hours, resulting in the other rides having absurdly long lines (e.g., hour long plus wait for Buzz). \u00a0To make matters worse, the line estimates were completely inaccurate (e.g., 20 minute estimate for Star Tours promptly turned into an hour wait). \u00a0Given that the park costs over $100 to visit, I would expect reasonable lines and the main attractions to be online at least 90% of the time.   Finally, the parking charges are absolutely ridiculous, both in terms of costs and organization. \u00a0Despite the Mickey and Friends lot not being full, Disneyland sporadically diverts traffic to the Toy Story lot; there is no warning provided before the guest arrives at the blocked off parking structure. \u00a0The detour requires a guest to drive at least 15 minutes through Irvine, in order to park in a lot that is 15 minutes away from the park by foot. \u00a0Despite the massive inconvenience, the Toy Story lot costs the same as parking in the Mickey and Friends lot (i.e., $30). Additionally, Disney employees then route the unexpecting driver through the empty lot to the very back; I would expect that a person showing up at 9:00 a.m. would be provided a more preferable spot to a guest that arrives later in the day.  To put it simply, my group will not be returning to this deplorable place - and I intend to work actively to encourage others to follow suit.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest place in Orange County! Expect long waits for lines but kids will definitely have fun and enjoy being there !!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Rushing and hurrying to wait in long lines for EVERYTHING! Way too much money! Not to mention they closed the parking structure from our entrance and made us park 2 miles away with no trams!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Truly is the absolutely happiest place on earth! The most expensive too! Cheers to memories!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is super busy! Visited May 20-21, 2017. Be expecting to stand in long lines forever. The staff looked super overwhelmed at one point a staff member I was speaking with said the park had 65 thousand people and max capacity was 80k and they even ended up closing the park down to people coming in to Disneyland. Main great rides were closed. I would suggest checking which rides are closed for refurbishment before spending the outrages prices for the ticket. This is the reason why lines are even longer cause lots of rides closed. See my photos to show you all the attractions that are closed!!!  I used the Disney App the whole time during my visit to check wait times for rides and show times. Very hard to manage time since wait times for rides take so long it is hard to make a plan. Fast passes are a great idea only if they do it right. The popular rides will go run out of fast passes super fast. Check pictures if you don't believe me. In all honesty I love Disneyland have been coming since I was a little girl and just wanted to show my small children a good time. But this is hard to do, I felt like I was rushing to try to get a fast pass and missing the time spent with my kids. Characters are hard to take pictures with if they are out on the street. They only see small groups at a time and then leave. So we only got a faraway view of them.   FYI.. Disneyland should go to Universal Studios and see how they do it with fast passes and VIP experience. Every time I go to Universal Studios I buy VIP experience to help eliminate the hassle of long lines and enjoy the experience better with my family. Don't know if I will be back to Disneyland for a while!!! Sad to say. Not a very pleasant time in Disneyland or Disneyland California either!!! See all my picture and make your mind up about the rides!!!   *FAST PASS you could only get one every hour and just make sure the times don't run into other rides. Which is a pain. Fast Passes are available to get at each attraction.   FYI, if you have little ones that have to go to the bathroom please please ask them before they have to go because the wait time for the bathrooms can be up to 10-15 mins. I hope someone for corporate see this review.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We always have a magical time here, and can't seem to ever get enough. We are extremely considering annual passes!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I always some coming here! I am an Annual Pass holder which makes an easy decision for me on weekends I have free. There are so many things to do here from fun shows, parades and fireworks to rides trilling and relaxing. Also great for all the food they have! There's always something new to do or see!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Whoever thought Mickey would turn out to be a MAJOR PIMP, letting customers KNOW, \"B**** better have my money! Or your a** ain't getting in.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Woody's lunch box is a good place to stop and eat my favorte was the tart and smoked turkey sandwich", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I lost my ticket at 9pm and went to ask to be let in because I Lost my ticket. And now they are saying that I cant get in. Unless I show a pic and then I did and was told it wasnt good enough. Wow", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I've been coming here since I was in the womb. And I come here once to twice a year ever since. But this year in particular has gone down hill. My family and I come here to what is promised \"the happiest place on earth\" but yet have encountered so many rude employees, not smiling or saying something as simple as please and thank you.   How disappointing it is to see that the employees are not trained to even just be polite and smile.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am extremely upset with the experience we had on Saturday, Sept 27th. My boyfriend and I took our kids (ages 2 and 9) to Disneyland for our daughter's 9th birthday. My son (Jayden) and daughter (Denise) were extremely excited for this visit because it was their first time visiting the park.   We arrived through the gates at 10am. We immediately took the kids to go get autograph books. We proceeded to FantasyLand and while walking to the Snow White ride, at 10:30am, we saw Captain Hook. The kids were so excited, they were screaming to get his autograph. We walked up to him and the kids were holding out their autograph books. \u00a0There were 2 men there (with NO children) and he proceeded to autograph their books while I stood there with my son and daughter. He began to walk away then my boyfriend asked the character to sign the books for our kids. The person in the Captain Hook costume got down to eye level to my son, and REFUSED to sign his autograph book. Then the person stood up and walked away. I was shocked. How dare an adult disregard a child. Disneyland is meant for children and the excitement of meeting their favorite characters. My son immediately began to cry hysterically. And then my daughter did as well. I had 2 crying children. I attempted to follow the character asking one last time and I was completely ignored. (I was standing in front of him and he intentionally walked around me). My children were so upset, they both wanted to leave the park. They cried the entire way out of the park and to the car.   I ended up paying for 2 adult tickets and 1 child ticket only to leave after being there for a HALF AN HOUR. I'm beyond disgusted Disney has people working there that can treat children so poorly. Now my children have both said they NEVER want to return to Disneyland. Hopefully someone can make this right. I hate that this jerk in the Captain Hook costume could ruin something so important to my children.  The cherry on top was I just called and spoke to a Linda (at about 10:30am 9/29/14) in guest services to file a formal complaint and when I explained the situation, she said \"So because your son was crying, you disregarded your daughter's birthday and left?\" I am beyond pissed. NO I DID NOT DISREGARD MY DAUGHTER'S BIRTHDAY. I left because BOTH my children were crying and upset at the employee's rude and disgusting behavior. They BOTH wanted to leave. Apparently they are \"investigating\" the incident. Should I hold my breath? I doubt anyone will get back to me. Thanks for ruining my daughter's birthday and now my day Disneyland. 2 thumbs down Disneyland, 2 thumbs WAY down.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I would not recommend this location as a family destination. Stayed at the Grand California Hotel for 5 days with park passes for the entire stay. Unfortunately since my last visit 10 years ago the experience is no longer worthwhile with a 50/50 chance of encountering friendly/helpful \"cast members\". \u00a0And the crowds ever more callous and rude.  I would recommend any other destination where you can actually enjoy your experience with your family. \u00a0The \"Disneyland Experience\" is not worth the cost.  Try other Disney vacation destinations/experiences (Disney World, cruises, Disney Tokyo, etc.) but STAY AWAY FROM DISNEYLAND.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Oh Disneyland Park, I've watched you very closely from afar ever since I was a wee little child. And I have appreciated the few times that I've been able to step foot inside your neatly-kept grounds.   Growing up, I always relished being able to tell my friends that I lived down the street from Anaheim's Disney Theme Park. Truth was, I could walk there in a half hour or drive in five minutes. With such a close proximity, I had the privilege of watching the 9:30 pm fireworks whenever I wanted to.   It'd been about maybe 5-6 years since I last visited Disneyland (used to get free admission while working in Downtown Disney), and so I was pretty stoked to plan out a day trip with my girlfriend a few weekends ago.   From 10am in the morning until nearly midnight, we braved fast rollercoasters (well mostly me because I'm a wuss), sampled a number of popular bites, and totaled almost 10 miles of walking. Besides the long Sunday lines and the torrid heat, I'd say that Disneyland Park was definitely one of the happiest places on earth. Here's my take on some of our most memorable and not so memorable experiences:   -- THE ROLLER COASTERS/RIDES \u00a0--  Yes, the lines for most if not all the coasters at Disneyland are going to be LONG. The best way to get through the ones you want to experience is to utilize the Fast-Pass (i.e. get an advanced ticket for a later time), which is available like once every few hours. Go on the rides with smaller crowds (like It's a Small World) and get a Fast-Pass for the big ones (e.g. Space Mountain). It's not the most accurate but you can also check ETA for rides via the Disney mobile app.   *Thunder Rail-Road: Faster than I thought it would be but this coaster is enjoyable and thrilling; plenty of turns but otherwise a chill experience.  *Indiana Jones: My favorite! A lot of props all around you and it's so cool that you're inside a car. Scariest part besides the sharp, bumpy turns is the surprise drop at the end.  *Star Tours: Fun simulation that reminds me of Universal Studios! Very safe and no surprises.   *Finding Nemo: Was excited for this submarine voyage but fell asleep. No real fish underneath and it's literally just a retelling of the movie. \u00a0  *Space Mountain: Fun for most people but TOO SCARY FOR ME. It's very fast and as you may have heard the ride is in the dark. No loops though.  *Astro Blasters: Fun arcade-like ride although I can never get the blaster to work. It's over much too soon though considering how long the wait is.   *It's a Small World: A bit creepy but otherwise very relaxing boat ride around the castle.   *Pirates: Kinda like the above but darker and you might get wet in the beginning.   -- THE FOOD -- \u00a0 There is actually good and decent food in Disneyland. But tread wisely cause there's a lot of bad stuff inside the park too.  *Cafe Orleans: Loved our experience here. Reminded me a bit of NOLA and the portion sizes were LARGE!  *Tiki Juice Bar: Avoid this. Only get the whip and forget about the artificial juice.  *Bengal BBQ: Surprisingly stellar! The beef and pork belly are great.  *Jolly Holiday Bakery Cafe: Check this place out for an inexpensive meal. The sandwiches are delicious and the dessert items are AWESOME!  -- THE SHOWS --  Since they're free, if you have a chance definitely catch some of the shows; they really add to the magic of the park. I showed my girlfriend Mickey Mix Magic and Fantasmic and they were so worth waiting for!   -- THE OTHER STUFF --  When you're a little tired of rides or park food, spend some time window-shopping in the stores. They have SO MANY, especially down Main Street. My favorite shop had to be the pub o  -- ADMISSION AND COST -- Since it's Disneyland, there's no hiding the fact that this park is gonna be expensive. I remember when daily admission rates used to be less than $100. Now, unfortunately you're probably going to pay about $130 on most days for one day at either park. You'll get a much better deal if you purchase a pass or go multiple days. For example, I know they have the SoCal resident + AAA discount if you get a 2-3 day pass at the minimum. But even if you must fork over the $$$ for single day admission, just know that you're going to get an amazing experience.   Really appreciated the opportunity to visit Disneyland a couple weeks back. I definitely enjoyed the experience and I hope that I can check out Disneyworld one day. I give Disneyland a for sure \"Omg, I'd travel 2 hours for this\" rating.  Have fun and prosper,", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is supposed to be the happiest place on earth but we haven't even gotten in yet and it's been nothing but tears for my 5 year old. 45 minutes to park is ridiculous at a kids theme park on a Friday. She has had to pee twice and there are no bathrooms in this parking lot we have been redirected around for 45 minutes. And we get to pay for the privilege of waiting 45 minutes for parking so far away we have to now take a bus to get to the park. As you can tell, I'm super frustrated right now!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Tried to experience Disneyland today but had to abort the idea. Didn't know what's going on, but drove around in circles only to be diverted to an alternative parking lot. Saw throngs of people walking while driving &amp; couldn't figure out why. Disney people, it would have helped if you posted warnings on your website. Is the parking structure under construction? What? We wasted our time driving around for nothing!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If you want your girlfriend to be assaulted by Disney storm trooper this is the place! Horrible experience will NEVER come back to this park. We will taking legal actions against Disney this is not right. 5 hrs talking to Disneyland officials all they said was sorry. Now I have Anaheim police department investigating for this unlawful assault. Not the happiest place in the world . I rather drag my BALLS through glass than to ever bring my loved one back or any family and or friends stay away from storm troopers they will hit you and cuss at you. Thank you Disney for this excellent first time bullshit waste. I repeat DO NOT TAKE YOUR KIDS NEAR STORM TROOPERS. THEY MAY ASSULT ONE OF YOU. \u00a0 #disneyland sucks", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is a very special place to me is the place me and my wife always went to when we started dating. \u00a0We have had season passes for 8 years and always make tome to come visit for dinner or just to walk around the park and get dessert. \u00a0The greatest thing about having a season pass is that we don't care about the lines because we can always come back another day. \u00a0The only frustration I do have is that when we do want to do rides the lines are just way too long so I don't get to go on as many rides as I would like. \u00a0I will always keep coming back and make Disneyland a big part of my family \u00a0and love bringing the grand daughter!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "There's a reason they call this the happiest place on earth! I think it's so smart to have bag check by the parking garage before getting to the park. One thing I wish they would enforce is the the stroller restrictions.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!  Date of visit:1/30/16  I have been annual pass-holder for the past 3 years, and have even upgraded passes this last year. I had the opportunity to take my niece to disneyland for her very FIRST visit. Before entering the park we visited the world of disney store and I bought her a hat, shirt and, jacket to give her a full experience. But our visit to the park was extremely disappointing.   Indiana Jones was the very first attraction we visited, and after waiting 2HOURS in line we were turned away because the ride had broken down. At ToonTown the Roger Rabbit ride ALSO BROKE DOWN! Sometime later we noticed that it was running again, but shortly after making line it BROKE DOWN YET AGAIN! We managed to ride Buzz lightyear Astro Blasters, but that too BROKE DOWN 3 TIMES during that ride duration. Regardless, we were excited to see our picture at the end of Astro Blasters. NOPE! NO PICTURE AVAILABLE! We made our way to the Matterhorn ride and after 1 hour wait, the ride BROKE DOWN, NOT TO REOPEN because the park was closing. As we made our way out of the park in EXTREME DISAPPOINTMENT we stopped for a corn dog were we were serviced by rude and,self-admitted, negligent staff who left our food sitting at the counter just out of reach, without acknowledging us as they stood around talking.   The excitement that my niece had about her first visit to disneyland turned out to be UTTER DISAPPOINTMENT! She has lost interest in disneyland \u00a0I WILL NOT BE RENEWING MY PASSES ONCE THEY EXPIRE!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "OK don't get me wrong here I absolutely love Disneyland. I've grown up going and it never gets old for me.  I went with my grandma last week and we went on space mountain. I've never experienced anything like this before. We were basically cattle called to get into the spaces to board the ride. Victor was the guy working and he was crowding so many people into a small area. he kept yelling at us to get into row 3 but their were so many people that we couldn't get over there. We tried to tell him but all he said was just squeeze behind them and get into row three. I'm telling you their was no room to squeeze. A group of people finally got on the ride so we could get to our spot, then he did it again with the next group of people. I felt like I was at Knott's berry farm. Then as it's our turn to board the ride demi is yelling at guests to get off the ride saying hurry up other people need to get on, I also heard him tell an older woman to hurry up and sit down. Older women don't move as quickly, i know, I was hanging out with one for the day.   I couldn't believe this, Walt would have never hired these two villains, someone needs more pixie dust in their lives. I usually have an awesome time at Disneyland but sometimes their cast members are grouchy and rude.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Came here to renew our pass spoke to the most rude employee no emotions no smile nothing then said I was yelling when I was only speaking up so she could hear me", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Good but disappointed by most characters because if you're not a kid they don't really want to take a picture with you(especially Jack Sparrow) Other than that, food is great, rides are great, make sure to get a max pass/fast passes if you don't want to wait in hour long rides for every ride.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love love love Disney! It's my happy place! Sometimes I just go to watch people. Love to see little kids mesmerize by the characters. Love to see the little girls dress up as princesses. It's just magical!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Seriously other than the price and the long lines this is truly in a different class than the other parks in Socal. Just walking in and hearing the upbeat music makes you happy. They are most likely rising the prices cuz PEOPLE ARE PAYING. Is there an alternative? No. I feel sad cuz a middle class family is priced out or they have to make big sacrifices to take their kids just once to this magical place. There is something to do for almost every age. I had so many great memories there with my Baby. It is a small world after all right? It sure feels like a different world inside.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It has gone to shit! The customer service is horrible to say the least. We purchased the fast pass pack ($60) for a party of six! \u00a0And guess what it wasn't working! We went to several fast pass stations trying to use it and it was not functioning. We were told each time by the Disney staff to go to city hall and get a refund. So, my husband went to city hall and stood in line (along side a huge line of pissed off customers he started yelling) for about an hour and a half. He left and then called customer service instead. The peasant representing customer service refused to refund. So, he requested to a supervisor. The supervisor immediately refunded us! They have hired a lot of trash in the last few years. We shouldn't have to request a supervisor when there is an issue.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Terrible way to spend time and money.  Because of excessive crowds, clearly NOT a happy place. \u00a0I realize that Disneyland continues to get good reviews, but a more realistic review is reflected by the faces on all of those thousands of people as they are being herded around like cattle and waiting in endless lines. \u00a0Look for yourself. \u00a0Almost nobody is smiling!!! \u00a0If it is the happiest place on earth, why are the visitors there not smiling?  Even outside of busy dates, like Summer or vacation times, every ride requires a minimum of one hour wait, and Fast Pass system is so limited \u00a0that it's virtually of no value. \u00a0  If you are the type of person that thinks it is worthwhile to suffer for 14 hours in order to enjoys 16 minutes of fun, then you will enjoy Disneyland, because the rides are fun during the brief time you are actually on them.  However, I have two young children that now tell their friends that they hate Disneyland, and I agree with them. \u00a0We would never recommend it to anyone, ever, except if someday the park guaranteed limited, tolerable crowds.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland's staffs are truly amazing!!!   They will answer all your questions with a big smile .....AND they will help you save $140 on a ticket....only if you have a kid 3 to 5 years old that looks 2-ish. This kid of yours should be sitting on a stroller as you get through the entrance. The staff won't even ask you to show your kid's ticket or how old they are. I discovered this by chance. I had a ticket for my kid but didn't even need to show it. They know your tiny kid can only go on about five kiddy rides then throw a tantrum over nothing then want to leave ASAP. You could use that extra $140 to come back when your kid is 10 yrs old. They'll really enjoy Disneyland then.   You can bring outside food in! Yes you can.   The food inside is still reasonably priced. A burger and fries for $13. Bring your own drinks and candy. $6 for a bag of characters gummy or $3 for a drink at the vending machine. Free filtered water inside the cafe near the carousel.   Windy nights = no fireworks   They don't tell you about the fireworks show cancelation until it's time for it. You'll sit around until 9:30 pm showtime just to find out there will be no fireworks. I just want to kick a trash can at this point.   If there is a fireworks show you should sit in front of the globes ride. Look at my photo and sit right there. You'll have a great view of the fireworks show and also the lights parade. All the light floats enter from the right of the castle.   Parking is $25 and the trams will take you from the parking lot to the park entrance. \u00a0The trams system is very efficient. The best stroller to bring is a small $20 stroller from Walmart/Target. The staff will ask you to fold down your stroller while riding the tram. First you'd have to lift your stroller 3 feet onto the tram then fold it down fast then bring it down from the tram. Do yourself a favor and bring an ultra lightweight $20 stroller.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I just spent 3 days at Disneyland and need to get some things off my chest.  1) You can't charge the exorbitant price for admission into a theme park and have overflowing garbage cans and filthy restrooms. I get it. There are so many people that cram themselves into the park and only so many employees to take care of the mess but they need to limit the amount of people they let in, hire more staff, or charge less because all 3 days I was disgusted by the amount of filth everywhere I looked. \u00a0If I was paying 6 Flags prices I wouldn't care one iota, but this is Disneyland. The holy Mecca destination that people travel to from across the globe, drain the coffers to give their kids the magical experience they had as children (make no mistake, this is generational brainwashing on a cult-like level) and not a single table was wiped down. Unacceptable. 2) Rides break down. I get it. I understand basic mechanics and troubleshooting. You can't run something on a track over and over again without things breaking down. However, when all of your most popular rides are \"temporarily closed\" throughout a 3 day visit, how are you not gonna offer some sort of refund?  3) Food can be overpriced but should be of better quality.  4) Too many humans. I was there mid week, not during a holiday, and I could barely move.  Again, I get it. Capitalism at its finest. But Disney basically prints money with their movies, not to mention Marvel and Lucasfilm. Their brand has a cult like status that's being passed on from generation to generation. There is a Disney dating website for Christ's sake. They will never lose money. So why do they need to charge so much for so little. I loved going as a kid and even as a young adult. This last trip made me realize it's all a sham and not worth the headache and debt you go into to make the trip...and yes, I'll return after they open Star Wars Land because they own my soul and I know it and so do they...sigh.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I would give it 0 stars if I could. We had a horrible experience at Disneyland theme park during Halloween this year. Contacted corporate and we got a copied and pasted apology and that was it. Never again will I invest in your company. It's unfortunate such a big industry refuses to keep their loyal customers.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Horrible. Customer service is awful. Employees are rude and racist. Redirected \u00a0for parking 3 times and ended up driving around for 39 minutes then had to stand in line for a bus for an hour...when there were spaces in the structure and structure lot. I'm not renewing our passes. Not worth it. And I paid for a full ticket for my daughters friend and this is how the day is?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Best place ever! \u00a0I am a firm believer in 6flags being the greatest place on earth until I went to disneyland. I had park Hopper tickets and I went for my wife's birthday and I think I had more fun than she did! My recommendations are: SPACE MOUNTAIN (best ride in the park) INDIANA JONES (craziest ride you will ever be on) and GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY (simply a dope ride). Lastly I will recommend going for more than one day you can't do Disney in just one day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "No place can replace Disneyland (and DCA). My personal favorite rides are Matterhorn, Incredecoaster, \"it's a small world\", Space Mountain, Thunder Mountain, Gadgets Go Coaster, Indiana Jones, Jungle Cruise, Star Tours, Goofys Sky School, and more! Food is great, and the shows are one is a kind!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We love everything about Disneyland! So happy every time we come down, we have a yearly pass, so if you live in SoCal, it's the best. Make sure you use the fast passes to any rides that they have fast pass.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Who doesn't love Disney? Wonderful place to go for entertainment of all ages \u00a0I recently went back here after years of not going and it is just as wonderful as when I was a kid. I encourage anyone to go!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I always have the best time here! I am so grateful to be living in So Cal so that we can go to Disneyland anytime we like! We can go with the kids or even just to hang out with friends! There are so many things you can do. Rides, shows, food! Everything you can ask for in one place! This will always be my happy place!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love amusement parks but hated Disneyland. It looks like the corporate greed at Disney is at its peak. We went during low season in October and it was still crowded and packed with lines averaging between 30-60 minutes per ride. Everything is overly priced, so the overall feeling is not \"we want to make your kids happy\", but rather \"We want your money, and all of it\". If you're willing to pay $100 per ticket and wait 45 minutes for a 30-60 second ride, by all means, go ahead - I will never make that mistake again. They are obviously filling the park up to it's legal limit where you feel like you are in a herd so they can maximize their profit. Highlights: - Wait in 15 minutes of traffic to pay for parking.  - Pay $18 for parking followed by 15 minutes traffic to enter parking lot. - Walk 10-15 minutes more to the tram that leads to the entrance. - Wait on line for the tram 10 more minutes. - Drive another 5 minutes on a tram to the entrance.  - Wait another 5 minutes on line to pass security - After passing security, even with e-ticket, wait another 5-10 minutes on line to get into the park. - Once entered, squeeze between the herd of people. - Wait on 40-60 minutes lines during low season.  - After leaving the park, spend another 25-30 minutes to get to the car.  If Disney were to pay me $100, I would not go there again. If you have small children, you are better off paying $18 and going to Adventure Land, with lines ranging from no wait time at all to about 5-10 minute waits.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It was incredibly fun for me and my family last week. There is so much to do. One day was not enough for us, so we stay there for 3 days. We went California Adventure as well. My kids are super happy that they went to Disneyland. Food are super expensive, \u00a0try to bring your own food. Waiting time for a ride is long enough, so get fastpass. People who work there supper nice, everyone is smiling when answering to your questions. They are super polite.  There is a lot of restaurants. I heard that restaurants suppose to give you free water if you ask them, but I forgot which restaurant was it, when I ask them they said that they run out of free water, and they were offering me to buy water from them. ;))) But other restaurants make ready water for you, and when you go to cashier even without staying on a regular line, they will give you a cup of fresh iced water.  Another good rule that I like it at Disneyland was switching parents without waiting in a long line on rides. For example, \u00a0if I go with my oldest child for a ride, and my youngest child is not big enough, my husband stayed with my younger child, and when I come back, I'll watch my little one, and my husband can go on a ride with my oldest child for a ride without waiting the long line. Or opposite, \u00a0I wait and after we switch. \u00a0We saw only 4 Disney princesses: Snow White, \u00a0Cinderella, \u00a0Jasmin, and Ariel. \u00a0You can't imagine how nicely they talked to my daughter, \u00a0I was impressed. \u00a0 Yes, food is extremely expensive, \u00a0rides are long time waiting BUT it all worth it. \u00a0Kids are happy, they will have memory about their trip on a summer vacation. And not only them, even you can enjoy the place. I was asking questions for my self, how did they do all this???  Lastly, fireworks was sooo good, with little popular songs of all Disney.  Would recommend to all families be there at least one time!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We recently spent our daughter's birthday (NYE) in the Disneyland park. Disneyland itself is such a magical place, normally. We expected with it being the diamond celebration, Christmas time and New Year's Eve, Disney would do what it does and it would be absolutely MAGICAL! We knew it would be busy and were okay with that. What we found was grumpy staff that was unhelpful, unkind, complaining, arguing, even talking poorly of clientele. The park itself wasn't as tidy as normal and rides were breaking left and right. Needless to say it was a disappointing trip. I would like to say that we will return to Disneyland one day. However, my concern is this is just becoming a common standard amongst customer service and has now infiltrated Disneyland too. :-(", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Dont skip over this review  Save yourself the headache and dont get the max pass. It offers fast pass but its done the same way as the free fast pass tickets where you get a return time and they run out cause they only offer so many. Don't fall for it. Unless you want photos cause that's all it's good for", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love me some D land! Ya it's crazy expensive, but it's great memories with the grandkids! Priceless.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What the hell is going on with this park. Rides always closed or not working temporarily. Very time without fail.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What a great place for kids and adults! I went this past Saturday with my girlfriend, some friends and their 1.5 year old kid.  Parked at the Toy Story outdoor parking. The staff was very quick and efficient in getting the cars parked. The shuttle bus was quick, and not too filled as they constantly come, which was nice!  We were very shocked to be able to enter the parks with not much of a wait time. Never seen it this \"dead\" other than the weekdays, so no complaints here. Lines for the rides weren't too bad, ranging anywhere from 25 min to 75 max. Loved the new Star Wars land that they built as it gave me a feel as if I'm in the movie with employees even dressed with the theme.  Great work Disney!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Was born in raise in Anaheim . I love this \u00a0place. But now is way too packed. I tried to avoid it. Prices are way too high. Anaheim residents should get a special entrance price. Since we have to put up with the fireworks, traffic, and tourist.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "the \"happiest place on earth\" became the \"moodiest place on earth\" absolutely appalled the way workers treat guests at this \"resort.\" horrible customer service, don't ever see myself renewing my pass ever again. especially this young lady named Lizzy from Huntington Beach who is the \"lead\" at her job at the Hyperion theatre. Had the worst attitude I've ever encountered in my life. just a simple question would be asked about the showtime and she would reply with an attitude that just simply said she was only working to make money and didn't enjoy her job. disney should really check who they employee before letting random people represent their brand and give them a bad image. If you do happen to go to the \"happiest place on earth\" please do yourself a favor and don't engage the cast members as 80 percent of them aren't even glad to be there. disney needs to make sure their workers even want to be working there and should have a Disneyland attitude, not just someone who hates their job who takes it out on people who spend thousands of dollars trying to enjoy their day at once again \"the happiest place on earth\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Oh, come on, it's Disneyland. \u00a0  Just remember, like all magic, you get out what you put in.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Thank you very much David from Okinawa, Japan at the French Market restaurant. He was very kind to my son and had a great sense of humor. His friendly attitude made it very easy to talk to him and ask questions. Thank you for being so polite and accommodating.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I rarely write updated reviews but it is Disneyland. I have been to Disneyland about 4 times in my life and I am going to make it a habit to go at least once a year or more.  My sisters and nieces came to Disneyland on Saturday 10/27/18 the Halloween weekend, their first time! My favorite rides were not open or the lines were too long! It's a Small World was being Refurbished as well as Blast Mountain (Not Space Mountain).   The perfect time to go to Disneyland is during low peak season as the lines are reasonable. I had the opportunity to meet the boys of my dreams Pluto and Goofy! I didn't get to meet Minnie Mouse :( but I spotted her in the crowd.  My nieces were over joyed to see their beloved characters and loved the rides...ever since we came back my niece has been asking to go back to Disneyland....yes let's go!  Anywho, the Customer Service is awesome as I bought a $15 balloon for my niece and guess what less than 5 minutes it blew away. \u00a0A lot of Disneyland employees saw what happened and informed my sister and I to go to city hall and they will give you a voucher to get a replacement one. However around 11:30pm all the Disney balloons were gone and I couldnt get a refund! However the Customer Service rep informed me that they can credit my account with the Ballon Voucher.  Disneyland does try to make this place \"The Happist Place in the was world\" as they strive to make everyone happy...down to spoiled children and spoiled adults.  The parades are beyond amazing I almost fainted as it was so amazing...it blew me away. The fire works show was awesome and I hate fire works as it raises my anxiety but after the first few minutes I managed to enjoy the show. They freakin had Halographs!!! I felt like I could hug Tinker Bell in the sky.  The Mickey Mouse Ice cream bar was delicious....the churro was delicious and my nieces loved the food. They had fresh food and healthy foods which I was impressed. A lot of tourist came up to my family asking where we got our Mickey gear as the park stuff is too expensive....Walmart $12 for our Mickey shirts...Ballin on a budget :)  Be prepared for long lines and crying children. I will be back in 2019 all Princessed out...until then Disneyland, I will see you soon!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is the most fun place ever! The happiest place ever! There are many fun attractions and also if you buy fast pass, you will have a great day. Although rides have long wait times, u won't regret it. You should totally check out Space Mountain.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland brings on the magic and we all felt it! \u00a0The Fastpass made our day much better. \u00a0We had some Fastlass hiccups as rides were shut down for maintenance , but overall we all agreed that it was totally worth it! \u00a0We rode every major ride at least once and our longest wait was 45 minutes. \u00a0Not bad at all for one of their busiest days!  The rides were fantastic. \u00a0The employees are great. \u00a0The parade was adorable! \u00a0The grounds were beautiful, clean and well maintained. \u00a0We even saw a mother duckling crossing the park street with her 12 ducklings and everyone stopped and let them pass. \u00a0It seemed like a magical moment.  The snacks we splurged on were very expensive but worth it. \u00a0Dole whip! \u00a0Beignets! \u00a0Cotton Candy! \u00a0Ice cream! \u00a0Good thing we walked 12 miles that day!  The firework show is amazing. \u00a0However the employees near the ropes directing traffic seemed to be very lenient and relaxed on crowd control and rule breaking. \u00a0I was located near a roped off area and people were pushing, shoving and jumping the rope. \u00a0It was very rude and quite chaotic and I hope they'll address that chaos and make a better way for tired guests to enjoy the fireworks. \u00a0It was madness.  It's just magical experiencing Disneyland through my children's eyes and enjoying the memory with them.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So insultingly busy for the price of admission. Very poor crowd control inside the park. Very little place to walk. Always bumping into others. Extremely difficult just to find a place to sit down while eating. Not to mention the extreme lines for everything and anything. They really need to set a maximum number of attendees that ensures a quality experience for the majority of visitors.   At 1pm the FastBreak ticket for many rides was 7p and later. This just adds more insult the whole fiasco.  We spent $1,200 on flights and $600 on hotel to visit Disneyland. And then there's the cost of the Disneyland tickets. What a total waste of money.   Avoid this place like the plague.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Its to the point to where you need a second mortgage to go now days, $100 to $115 per person, and that's just one park for one day, also depending on the day, that's just to get through the gate. Add food and all the other stuff your going to spend money on, and a family of 4 can expect to spend $600 to $1000 just for the day, and that's on the cheap end, add the crowds on top of that, this is not the happiest place on earth for parents. Come on Disney you \u00a0have no longer become affordable to the average middle class family. The kids love the park, but I see Disney is taking advantage of that.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Honestly horrible. Paid $120 for a ticket AND EXTRA FOR MAX PASS, arrived 8am when the parked opened, and the first few rides and locations (teapots, peter pan, space mountain) were great. Then the hell began. I waited an hour for a ride I had already reserved with fastpass at 9am hiurs earlier (so much for \"fast\"pass), and as I sat down for the Star Tours ride some lights flickered, the attendant ran off, then came back, then went away, then announced the ride had closed down. At this point, around 1pm, they offered us a free fastpass for any ride so we took it and went to indiana jones. We waited ANOTHER HOUR EVEN AFTER A FASTPASS WAS USED and halfway through they announced the ride was broken, but that we could wait to see if it gets back up and running. We waited for 30 minutes and just before getting on the ride it stopped and they announced it had broken indefinitely. 1 hour 30 minutes waiting in lines for another breakdown. The ambiance wasn't even nice while waiting (everything is fake and not very \"magical\" as they claim when everything is breaking down), and food is very good, but overpriced even for Los Angeles prices. Guess what they gave us after the ride broke down? Another fastpass for us to use (which we had to wait in a 10 minute line of disgruntled customers to get, as people exited the broken ride). The system of giving us more fastpasses doesn't help at all. Maybe 3 fastpasses would be okay. Either way, at the end of the day I wondered why I even came.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Where have all the janitorial people gone? Cleaning crews? Gross... this place smells! The restaurants, restrooms, eating areas, even the hotels... come on!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disney, what more is there to say?! Love that they update their light show. Everything is always clean, skip it's a small world (unless you haven't been on it). It's worth it to go on once, but it hasn't change much over the years. Very accommodating to handicaps. My dad had a handicap cart and everyone helped him. He can't walk on moving walkways so they were very helpful at the rides in stopping the walk ways so he can get on the rides. Sorry if you were on the ride, but know your patience is appreciated!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The grumpiest place on earth; the staff must have been method acting like Grumpy for all the \"joy\" they spread throughout the day. \u00a0Today was my first ever time at Disneyland for Christmas and my birthday and it was a miserable experience from the start. \u00a0Recently they changed their prohibited items to not allow selfie sticks; I have seen friends post pictures using their selfie sticks so I did not think it would be a problem. \u00a0What is wrong with selfie sticks? If you are not going to allow them have posted signs of all items at the shuttle/parking lot or have a secure place for people to check them like a coat check. My two options were take it back to my car or throw it out. \u00a0Not great options Disney. \u00a0Some of the men at the bag checks were very grumpy too-not great Disney Christmas spirit. \u00a034 and all the magic I felt I would experience gets shut down before even entering the park. \u00a0We were hoping to catch the first parade and now our schedule is completely thrown off. \u00a0I can't ride rides because I get sick and I am here for the atmosphere. \u00a0Well epic fail Disney. \u00a0This is a ridiculous reason to waste over 20 minutes of my time as the shuttles are not that busy.  Then we were herded like cattle throughout the park multiple times a day by staff who yelled and had no smiles. \u00a0There was barely time to get where we wanted to go as we always were herded. \u00a0  The fireworks were canceled that night due to wind but there was barely wind-even my weather app said 2mph. \u00a0Then we couldn't walk where we wished after though it was still 2 hours before close-we were be rushed along, no time for pictures-we felt like we were going to be shuffled into train cars and off to an internment camp.  We finally gave up trying to enjoy ourselves. \u00a0We saw very few characters and every time we went to get a picture with no crowd around \"last family\" was announced. \u00a0Every place seemed out of the \"first time\" button. \u00a0Perhaps they would have treated us better. \u00a0Disney, don't open on the holiday \u00a0if your staff will be miserable. \u00a0Some of us don't have family and go to places, like Disney to chase those blues away. \u00a0What a waste of $124 dollars.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest place we ever visited. It's so beautiful and attractive. \u00a0Marvelous fireworks.  Only thing I wish \u00a0about it is , they would not increase ticket prices so much every year.  Love Love Disney ...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Do not buy a \u00a0Fastpass save your money today app was not working correctly it was a waste of money. When I got to the Fastpass line the Disneyland Cast members were Rude!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ms Tracy at roger rabbit's cartoon spin. I was pulling out my max pass on my phone by one hand, while holding my son on the other hand.  Ms Tracy: this is not your lane, go back and take the other. Then she blocked us with her arm. Me: I have max pass. Ms Tracy: I am not talking to you.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wow. And not in a good way either. Way over packed. I get it. Disney land on the holidays: that's to be expected. But seriously, like only 2 or 3 rides a day bad. That's not the worst part though, lines I can handle and if you can work the fast pass system you're golden.  What I couldn't tolerate was how AWFUL the staff was. Seldom did we come across a friendly and \"Disney\" like cast member. None of them were smiling. And when you ask them a question they give you a pushy or passive aggressive response. It was so baffling. Just plain rude. I have spent holidays in Disneyland, never was it this bad. Less like Disney, more like six flags (even that's pushing it). I came to Disney every year growing up, and I wish I could say I will continue the tradition.   On top of that the characters barely came out. I was in the park a week and only saw about 5 characters. No princesses. No beast. No Gaston. Capitan America would only be out for about 5 minutes at a time. I waited twice for him in a 30 or more minute line, and both times he had to \"leave to go on a mission\" it broke my heart to see kids cry because of this.   The rain was tolerable as was the cold. The wait times were tolerable. Even the overly priced everything was tolerable. But the customer service was unforgivable. Completely put a damper on our trip.   Walt would be disappointed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney is taking away all the good food!! First the changed the menu at Pizza Port( its so gross now) then they took away the chicken nuggets from Golden Horse Shoe and chanted them into cardboard chicken strips. Then and now the worst thing ever!! They closed Whitewater Cafe til around December and it's the only edible food at the park that is affordable. I am seriously upset at the changes that are happening here with the food. And WE HAVE BEEN PREMIUM DISNEY PASS HOLDERS FOR OVER 8 yrs and are seriously thinking about switching to Universal Studios for the FOOD!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "ha ha ha, *unpopular opinion* here.   I am not a Disneyland fan. It is crowed, completely overpriced, and feeds off childhood nostalgia. When you grow up and experience Disneyland as an adult, it is completely different. Waits are too long, food is overpriced, and there are children everywhere. I'm not a big Disney fan in general, but I thought I would enjoy the park as an adult. Boy, was I wrong.   The rides have no thrill and waits are so long that you end up paying to wait in lines, who the hell likes lines?! I came here once and a woman working told me a line wait was 30 minutes, I ended up waiting 2 and 1/2 hours for the Cars Land ride, and, yes, this was when it was new, but that truly is ridiculous. Save yourself some money, and go somewhere with more fun, fewer waits, and just buy your kids little Mermaid on DVD or something if they love Disney that much.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Absolute worst amusement park in California, Walt would be appalled if he saw what this place was today. We arrived today and the main parking lot was closed, on a Monday, we were then directed to an off site lot which took nearly 90 additional minutes to arrive to the main entrance. Once we arrived several attractions were closed and the lines for open rides exceeded 65 minutes. Even leaving was a complicated and inconvenient experience, save yourself a couple hundred dollars and a day of frustration and just stay home.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have come to Disney for years for both big and small vacations. Love, love, love it!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I remember when this park was actually Disneyland. Today on 4/2/2016 I witnessed the decline is Disney., the cast members are no longer smiling, you have to make a reservation to every returaunt now including the caf\u00e9 on main street where my family has been going to breakfast when we visit for the last 16 years.. Also we got to the park this morning the city of Anaheim blocked off the entrance to the main parking structure so we couldn't even have the experience of riding the tram... Which is part of the experience when coming here and the City of Anaheim has closed the entrance to the main parking the last four times in the past two months. Which I know the city only does it so they can force Disney to pay unnecessry funds to the city of Anaheim.. If this honestly continues this will be my families last year of purchasing annual passes..", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Poor customer service when things go wrong. I purchased four 2-day hopper eTickets through their Disney App on 12/18/17 and received an email confirmation that my credit card was charged $1056 and I could bypass the ticket booth at the park and use my eTickets at the main entrance. Well after standing in line for 45 minutes, I was treated rudely by a Disney crew member and told my eTickets were not good. I stood in line for another 30 minutes at the ticket booth and used the same credit card to purchase 4 more tickets. I later found out that my credit card was charged twice and I had to dispute the charges. This fiasco cause me to lose about 2 hours of time in Disneyland and I never received an apology from Disney. I suggest you never use the Disney App to purchase tickets online.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "As someone that has been coming here for more than 30 years I am absolutely disgusted and disappointed with the way they've redesigned everything and making it the most unfriendly place on the planet! I brought all four of my kids here twice a year until they were 18 years old! Please don't come here if you haven't eaten, anywhere worthwhile in the park has a 60-day reservation requirement the lines are long and as someone that enjoyed every restaurant in the park I can tell you it's not worth the wait! Disneyland is about the most unfriendly place on the planet and I can see why the cast members are so disgusted complaining that they get paid minimum wage and too many are living on the sidewalks while executives are making millions! I paid close to $500 not counting the parking for two people for two days! The Lions have always been long but given the fact that you could sit down and have a decent meal and enjoy your family the lines weren't as bad! I guess they're trying to drive everybody into the VIP lines where you don't have to wait and had I been offered that I would have paid it. I brought a childhood friend who had not been here since she was 7 years old and had a very special memory and I promised her years ago that I would bring her to Disneyland some day and today is that day for a great many reasons it needed to be now and I am so disappointed that this is what she's experiencing! Shame on Disneyland definitely not about the employees, definitely not about the guests, it's about the profit margin!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Extortion! Went to Downtown Disney to celebrate my grandson's first birthday. Upon entering the parking lot, an attendant told us there was a policy change and to read the back of the ticket, which we did. It states, parking is no longer free for the first 2 hours, unless you eat at a sit down restaurant or spend $20 in one of their stores. We ate at a sit down restaurant where Disney characters roam about playing with the children, Goofy's Kitchen. We followed the instructions as s requested validation for our parking. They said they'd try, but weren't sure the parking employees would accept it. Parking is $12/hr up to $48 max. $48 MAX to park! We ran out and attempted to leave when the parking attendant told us we owed $30. He said the hotel, and any restaurants in the hotel, are not part of Disney. Don't tell all the Disney characters! After being told, \"there's nothing I can do\" for 5 minutes, I asked to speak to a manager. 20 minutes later, a very nice manager named Aiden, explained the policy change. After a lengthy conversation where we explained that no reasonable person without special knowledge of the hotel/park separation would know about these policy nuances, he finally overrode the charges this once. Disney is extorting your money by ensuring that you either buy their overpriced products or pay to leave. I'm done with Disney! \u00a0#boycottdisney", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is great and all, but it is really overpriced. It's Overpopulated, and you can't really enjoy the perks of the park Since there's so much people.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Did you know that the Disneyland Park has their own weather? I believe that they control the air, weather, traffic, any and all here LOL. \u00a0Think about it, they can charge whatever they please and yet, people complain...but are still entering the park. \u00a0It's the people over the age 21 who actually have to get a job and pay for things, it's being an adult. \u00a0Yeah, that could take the fun out of it....but not for the kiddos...especially, the babies who get in free up to 3 and don't have a clue of adult responsibilities. The babies just see Mickey and Minnie and all the wonderful inner child happiness that happens on the Happiest Place on Earth!!   This has been a family tradition since my daughter was a baby. Now that we've moved closer, yay, we can really enjoy coming here for breakfast, lunch or dinner...maybe catch a few rides and then call it a day. \u00a0I can even Uber here after a drink at the park....hmmm maybe. \u00a0  Anyways, I can complain about how expensive Disneyland has become, but everything else in life is expensive, but I choose to come here. Why, because this place brings a smile to my face, especially, when I see my daughter having fun! It's the best time the Becks spend together!! We all do this for our families and the inner child in all of us. \u00a0Haven't you ever looked at something and just grinned because it just reminded you of how fun life was being a kid? \u00a0Sounds weird and cheesy, but when I have an off-day, I come here and I forget about it for a few hours.   I am looking forward to checking out the Star Wars Galaxy Edge!!   Thank you Disneyland for continuing to create Magical experiences for everybody!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The employees are becoming so rude it's shocking. I was having trouble finding a specific store and approached and employee in full uniform walking by and asked if she could help me. She was extremely rude and told me no that she was off and walked away. I've seen better manners from a McDonald's employee. Another time I was waiting in a shop waiting for my younger cousin. She was in line to buy popcorn. It was extremely hot so we were standing off in the corner because we didn't want to wait outside. The cashier instead of helping my cousin with her purchase gave me a dirty look and asked if we were going to buy anything. If she would actually do her job then we would have been out of there much quicker. There were many other rude encounters but there were the most shocking. I used to love Disneyland but they're losing their touch and hire just anyone these days. You are only as good as your employees.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The only place to where you can bring out your inner child-self and not be judged! Been coming here ever since I was little and in the more recent years, I'm more able to enjoy as an adult. Star Wars Galaxy's Edge has just open recently and we got reservations early before the craze thanks to my eldest sister and her boyfriend! It was soooo awesome! Got to build my Droid and my sister's friends came along and they built their lightsaber! If anyone is a huge fan of Disney, I definitely recommend going here to experience this yourself!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The day I happened to go to Disneyland/California Adventure for the first time in my life (April 25th, 2019), paid the extra $15 for the max pass for 7 ppl, THE DAMN APP CRASH at 12 PM. Worst first time experience ever!!!  Was at Disneyland since opening, used the max pass to get fast passes for 3 rides only! So from 12pm to 7pm, I had to endure long lines at commerce of chamber/multiple guest services to correct this issue which they failed to do. Went about my day bc I had the park hopper ticket so I waited in line for rides instead. Which tally up to 2 rides from 12PM when the crash happened to 7PM. By 7PM, the line was shorter at chamber of commerce so I asked what can be done for ppl like me who paid for something that did not work! The lady apologized about the inconvenient and asked what can she do? I asked well I would like a refund. Can you do that? SHE SAID NO, they do not give ANY REFUNDS!! \u00a0Well then why ask what you can do for me??  She said I also used the features a few times already so a refund would not be a valid solution (umm,for 3 fast passes and 2 pictures bc I didn't get to go on much rides, yeah okay I used it 5 freakin times!!! )  I was so frustrated and told her to maybe train the employees to not direct us here for refunds if Disneyland do not even do refunds! It would be so much easier to find out upfront then to wait in a long line at guest services just to be told no (ppl could be waiting in lines for rides instead!)   I HATE Disneyland!!   The only good thing out of the whole day was my fianc\u00e9 proposing to me during the firework show at 10pm. He waited all day to do it bc he had to change his plan when he say the fake Snow White Castle. The castle was closed on the day we visited for refurbishment.   Bye Disneyland/CA Adventures, never going there again. One time is good enough. I'll celebrate my 1 year proposal with my Minnie Mouse ears on somewhere else!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This truly is the happiest place on earth. My wife and I took our son here last week and we had an amazing time. It was a little rainy so the lines were pretty short. If you are planning on visiting the park the app and Maxpass are essential. The mobile fastpass and mobile ordering are worth their weight in gold. Can't wait for or next visit.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland with all my heart and all the workers I've encountered so far are AMAZING. However, yesterday night (12/19/2019), I encountered the WORST, UNREASONABLE worker EVER. Yes, YOU, Michael from Irvine, CA. Please don't work at Disneyland (the happiest place on Earth) if you're going to treat paying customers like SHIT. My friend and I were visiting both parks and we wanted to watch both the firework and World of Color so we RAN after the firework to go into DCA but Michael wouldn't let us in saying that they were \"closed\" even though it wasn't even 10 P.M. yet. Mind you, it was EXTREMELY packed at Disneyland so it took us good 20 minutes to even walk out of the park. Anyways, he even saw us running from far but still didn't let us in. THE WORST PART IS he let these two girls in that were right in front of us, and told us no right after saying they're closed. Are. You. Kidding. Me? IT WASN'T EVEN 10 P.M. YET. And then he lets the people behind us in because they said they were \"going to their hotel.\" I kid you not, they probably just said that because they heard Michael telling us we can't get in.  It's sad because the other worker next to him was about to scan our ticket, but Michael was like \"no\" to her. Thank you Michael, for ruining our night and I really hope that you don't treat other guests like this (thankfully I have an annual pass so I can go any time but I missed the holiday version of the World of Color and will have to wait till next year now).", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Annual pass holder since 2012. \u00a0Enough said.   This park has transformed immensely since I became an annual pass holder. \u00a0It's an even better experience with friends and family who also have annual passes.  What makes my experience spectacular is pin trading. \u00a0The employees HAVE to trade pins with you. \u00a0You'll see repeat, common pins but every visit is exciting because you never know what you'll find or where you'll find them.   There are more spots to buy alcohol in Downtown Disney (including the soon-to-be Ballast Point). \u00a0Beer, friends, pins, rides, shows, and Mickey Mouse make for a great getaway, even for us locals.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland has become a joke!!! You stand in line for over an hour the rides break down!!! Had happened 3 different times today on 3 different rides!!! You loose you fast pass place on another ride !!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "On 7/24/2018 my visiting family, my wife and I went to Disneyland. We were really excited to go, as it has been a few years since my wife and I had gone, and we were looking forward to enjoying a nice day at the park.  But upon check-in, we noticed the lines were moving much slower than they had in the past. When we approached the entrance, we realized the staff was taking pictures of everybody entering the park.  I thought it was really strange, but then thought that it was probably an optional thing, maybe people wanted a memorable photo of themselves as they were arriving at a fun theme park.  To my surprise, when my ticket was scanned, the staff member scanned my ticket and then aimed her device at my face to take my picture, I asked that my photo not be taken, she stated \"I can't let you in without a photo\"  I was SHOCKED!!! Not only was the staff member very rude about it, but when I asked for an explanation as to why my photo has to be taken, she just kept reiterating that it was not optional, and I would not be admitted without taking a photo.  I them became very agitated, I was getting ready to leave when I saw the sad disappointing look on family's face when I was attempting to escape this invasive and draconian violation of my rights to privacy, I then decided to submit to this oppressive and ridiculous policy, as to not further upset my family.  Looking back however, I should have just let them go on without me, because this put me in such a bad mood, that nobody was able to enjoy the day, as I was snappy, angry and miserable the entire time we were there.  This absolutely RUINED our visit, and I will NEVER visit Disneyland again because of this!  I understand Disney is probably trying to avoid people sharing passes and makes it easier for staff to verify park hoppers, but ours was a 1-day pass for Disneyland only! This was completely unnecessary.  Taking photos should be OPTIONAL, FORCING people to do something that makes them uncomfortable is a sure way to lose business and creates a hostile environment in a place that is supposed to be fun.  I would have been willing to accept it if I was given an option with a disclaimer that I would not be allowed to re-enter the park if I do not take a photo, we were there all day and I never left.  Thanks for a miserable instead of a magical day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "After a years break of being a pass holder, my father and I came back and had a great time! They really made an improvement, the staff was friendlier, the entertainment was less homogenous and the air had the magic in it that it used to have \u00a0(and none of the Legionnaires disease that used to plague it). \u00a0Star Wars land was well done and we had fun at the New Orleans Square.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is shit. Fast Pass system is a joke, lines are out of control, service sucks, and still they raise or cost. NEVER AGAIN.  FUCK YOU!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "GREED makes Disney owners the happiest people on earth. They have continuously raised prices of tickets and it is so outrageous because the amount of money movies, theme park parking, food, and merchandise covers, they aren't losing anything. I guess these people want to expand their own lives and use people who used to love Disney for what it used to be. Walt would be ashamed and is probably rolling around in his grave.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disneyland! Expect to pay money and wait in lines and you're good to go! Go with the flow and get the max pass and you will have a great time. I simply go for the churros and food. Yes, I will travel for a Disney churro. I can't explain why I do it, but walking through the parks with a churro or giant turkey leg in my hands makes me happy.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have been a loyal premium Disneyland annual pass holder for most of my life. \u00a0In that past couple of years my family, and I have noticed a notable increase in the amount of people attending Disneyland. \u00a0This past Sunday marked the end of our pass holder status. \u00a0I went with several members of my family, including my two toddler boys. \u00a0The park was so crowded it took us four hours to walk to Toon Town, go on Buzz Lightyear, and leave. \u00a0Aside from our extreme level of frustration, my bigger concern is my sons' safety. \u00a0Had there been any sort of problem my boys would have been in jeopardy. \u00a0To give you an example of the crowd, I was at Disneyland on the 50th anniversary, arguably one of the most crowded days in the park's history, and this random Sunday was worse. \u00a0I find it hard to believe that the park had not far exceeded maximum capacity, but I guess when I get on an elevator, and look at the elevator's maximum capacity of people it too seems ridiculous. \u00a0Disneyland is no longer a fun and safe place for me to bring my kids. \u00a0Between the drive, parking, getting through the crowds, its stressful and dangerous. \u00a0There are so many other wonderful places to take them in the area, and I'll spend that $2000/year I was spending on annual passes, there.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love everything about this place! The atmosphere is amazing and just so joyful. They have great places to eat too of you want. There corndogs are amazing, pretty much every restaurant on main street is wonderful but my favorite is at the Carnation Cafe, AMAZING!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I must state that this is biased due to us being top tier annual passholders to the park for the past decade. \u00a0There is nothing that can be said that has not been said about The Happiest Place on Earth. \u00a0We love the park year round but Christmastime is our favorite.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland! You know what to expect... long lines, crowded spots, and tons of fun!  I would recommend doing a package deal. Totally worth the money and the perks that come with it.   We stayed at the Disney hotel which was great. Right next to the the Disney district which is full of plenty of restaurants and stores. Very convenient.   Can't wait to go back.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is no longer a magic kingdom! Over two days the Haunted Mansion broke down all three times we were there. Matterhorn, pirates, thunder mountain all closed for a time. We upgraded to park hoppers and had two problems with the tickets after that. The breakfast place at Tomorrowland stopped producing food for 15 minutes for some reason after we had ordered and paid. The dinner at the Golden Horseshoe was so slow because it was so understaffed with just one window open. The worst was that after waiting in MainStreet for 40 minutes, the fireworks show was cancelled. They then announced a different snow show but it never started after we waited another 20 minutes. The unhappiest place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Exhausting but best first trip ever!!! \u00a0Fast pass max pass is definitely worth it. Food is a bit meh in the little restaurants in the park. Corn on the cob and turkey leg are delicious. Buffets with characters are suuuupppeer yummy and fun. Great service all around.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "In October of last year my 23 year old \u00a0daughter purchased annual park passes to Disneyland for her and her two baby sisters that did not get to see much of her because she had just graduated from uci Irvine and moved Away to study for her masters degree. but when ever possible she would come home and take them to the one place that as a child she found so much happiness. Disneyland .but late October she came home complaining of severe stomach pain so as concerned parents do I took her the the doctor what little did I know was that visit would destroy a familys forever. After having an MRI and other test she was told she had stage 4 stomach cancer. So she quit her job and moved back home to fight for her life .the bills started to come in and one of those bills was from Disney about her annual pass payment .her condition got worse very fast .i made many attempts at contacting guest services only to be hung up on many times and told it was a binding contact that they couldn't do anything for me I offered to switch the name over to me so I could take her sister to the park but they were rude inconsiderate ever after I explained the situation.even a supervisor promised to call me back and never did .my family have so many memory of my daughter at Disney as a little girl. She just wanted the same for her sisters. Sadly my daughter past away on March 12 of this year at the age of 23yrs. To bad she had to see the true face of disney all about the money and not about family anymore if Walt could only see his company now so sad. I will never set foot in a park owned by Disney again I would encourage people not to waste the money on such a <a href=\"/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbusiness.so&amp;s=75258827145c0a87f6e3930717929b7a996b0c1e3e2f574e4cede255e19bbb61\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">business.so</a> they blocked \u00a0her passes because she missed \u00a0the payments do to illness. Never offered support of any kind.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Expensive, same old rides with not much new, very long wait time, and overcrowded. \u00a0The value of the dollar has definitely declined. Oh by the way, there is the security scanning wait plus $25 for parking. \u00a0Overrated!!!!!! \u00a0 I should also mention that due to these conditions people are stressed including the workers. \u00a0The rides keep breaking down and food and drinks are way overpriced. \u00a0 I wasted a good Saturday and my hard earned money stressed while waiting in very long lines with other pissed off Disney fans.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland changed their fast pass policy, because of that the lines are all ridiculous. Fun place but not anymore", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If you want a place to go where you can let go and be yourself then this is the place! \u00a0They say \"It's the happiest place on earth\"! \u00a0I tend to agree . It also tends to make the older generation feel like a child again!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I was extremely disappointed on our last trip to Disneyland 04/11/2014. This was the 4th Disneyland trip that I took my daughters on. We arrived at around 630 pm for what we thought was going to be a great adventure. Unfortunately, we only had the evening open to visit Disneyland. Both daughters were really looking forward to seeing the princesses up close.   By the time we arrived near Sleeping Beauty's Castle to see the princesses around 720 pm, we were turned away by the host. He said that the princesses were getting ready for another event. I told him that we only had that evening, but to no avail.  So, we proceeded to the Pirates of the Caribbean, one of our favorite rides. At 726 pm it \u00a0was closed for unknown reasons. Once again, we were turned away.   Not only did we pay $276 for 3 people for a short visit to Disneyland, but also outrageous park meal prices: $4 for a ** small ** box of popcorn, $8 for a smallish slices of pizza, $5 for a hotdog, $25 for a couple of small meals - sandwiches. I think you get the picture. - All told, about $400 plus for a sad reminiscence of past fun.   This will be the last time we visit Disneyland, unfortunately. Not happy at the Happiest Place on Earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Single rider should mean single rider not family's lazy way to hold up other lines. Disney needs to respect this.......", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Bad experience today at Disney by Jacob at space mountain around 7pm. The door literally hit me on how fast they were loading people in and when I told him we were suppose to get on with our group he yelled \u00a0NOOO! In a very rude manner \u00a0and walked away. While our ride was still there. Never have experienced such a rude attitude from the happiest place on earth. And on top of that they weren't \u00a0being to safe with the passengers, automatic rails weren't even been checked", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If you have been to Disney World in Orlando Florida to not waste your time and money going to Disneyland in California total disappointment compared to Disney World you drive into a parking garage through A dirty town Anaheim you take a small tram to Disneyland nothing magical about it place is clean does not have that Walt Disney feel at Walt Disney World you travel through manicured lawn's and Forest you get to a big lake take the ferry across the lake to the castle which is three times larger than Disneyland Walt Disney World by far is worth the money Disneyland big disappointment", "rating": 1}, {"text": "HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE AT THE GATE AND INSIDE AT CUSTOMER RELATIONS!!!!  I came here for my 31st birthday with my father, husband, and our two children. They are less than a year apart so perhaps that was the impotence for this horrible treatment but I don't care what the reason. It was unnecessary and uncalled for.   After spending our money for 3 adult tickets we tried to enter the park. After waiting at the gate and elderly ticket lady decided to NOT LET ME IN.  WHY?!   Because my son looked close to 3 years old and she demanded a ticket for him. He was 2 1/2 and I had his medical card to prove it.   I was appalled and stunned. My father cane over to see what was wrong and she finally \"allowed me in.\"  Then confined to talk shit about me to her coworker in front of me!!  \"He must be close to 3,\" she muttered. WTF.  I marched over and told her in 6 more months he will be. His dad (who was there!) is 6'2 so yeah he's tall. Ask him questions and it'll appear really obvious what his age is.   After entering I went straight to seem their (lack of) customer service inside.   I told them What happened and they were very insincere and their apology. They wrote down the incident in some book took my name down and never contacted me with so much as an apology.   It was the very beginning of my birthday and it really put a negative tone to rest of our day there.   Even still now, looking at pictures I don't feel happy, I feel sad and embarrassed all over again over the scene that old lady made at the gate.   I get that some people cheat but the ticket lady's job isn't to enforce the rules, it's to take the tickets and welcome people inside the park.  What a great job! How do you ruin that?!!  I wouldn't expect treatment like that from anyone at Disneyland, ever.   Until or unless I'm contacted by their corporate office with an apology my family won't go back.   I don't want anything from then besides an acknowledgement.   My feelings were hurt &amp; I won't spend my money where it's not welcome.  My $2k headed off to knotts where we have bought passes hotel rooms, food for 5, and merchandise every single time.   Too bad Disneyland couldn't pull that stick from that lady's ass fast enough.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland. I would go here all the time as a kid. I don't have a problem with the park itself. The issue I have is with the prices. I don't understand how single moms are supposed to be able to afford this. I can't tell you how often my son asks me to take him here. Especially now that he's 4 and they have Star Wars and Avengers stuff for him. It's sad because I considered getting the SoCal annual pass (slightly more affordable at the time) but they don't even offer that anymore. If the price of admission wasn't enough... just remember that to feed even one person at one meal there will be about $15. Maybe they're just catering to a richer crowd these days... who knows. Apparently they forgot all about those of us with a single income and a single parent home who aren't \u00a0receiving government aid to pay for our food, daycare, and rent. Maybe once I strike it rich I can go back and finally take my son to Disneyland (hopefully before he's in college).", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth! I love thee assistance they provide with all their staff members and also the security and assurance of a safe place. Fun for all ages! Been coming since 2000 and it keeps getting better and better.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm HIGHLY upset!!!   I tried to purchase tickets on line through <a href=\"/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FDisney.com&amp;s=965e4b0196e80514c21e657ad9d30cf3e2fab4d53c87354288dc1e6e3351ea5e\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">Disney.com</a> and not only did I not receive tickets or a conformation number for my trip, my account was charged 7 different times in \u00a0the amount of 688.00. My account is now overdrawn and I have nothing to show for it. I spoke with Lauren and she informed me that my account has not been charged. I told her that it was and wanted to speak with a manager since she kept telling me that was nothing she can do. She took my number and had her manger Albert give me a call back.   Albert called me back a few minutes later. I explained what had happen and he told me there was nothing that he can do on his end that, I need to talk to my bank. I feel that this is really inconvenient, not only did I get charged though the Disney website I have nothing to show for it. I'm really reconsidering coming there due to the bad experience that I encountered just trying to buy tickets.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We have always had passes and there is truly nowhere that can compete with the magic of Disney. Any special occasion for anyone young or old, I could not think of a more universally loved location to hold a gathering at of any kind. It is especially magical around each holiday, where they do something special for every one.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We just returned from the \"family friendly\" Disneyland in <a href=\"/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FS.CA&amp;s=a4c68b5db7b852b734e9c1b99daba481739fe85289d603c20b12b0a7aaf47abc\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">S.CA</a>......I had no idea we were bringing our grandson to the Castro in SF; it was GAY DAYS at Disneyland! \u00a0The Grand Californian was converted to a \"gay hotel\" and that nice bar off of their beautiful lobby became a \"gay-bar\" filled with vocal and overtly feminine men......one positive; ya gotta love the make-up....Sephora sales had to have sky rocketed. \u00a0The tee-shirts worn into Disneyland by many gay/lesbian attendees read; \"I'll cuddle hard with you\" reflected the \"in your face\" orientation of many of the GAY DAYS attendees and were hardly \"family friendly\". \u00a0The occasional display of sexual oriented body-motions by flamboyant young gay men were more appropriate for \"La Cage\" than Disneyland but apparently quite acceptable to Disney as they promote the gay/lesbian lifestyle in this so-called \"family friendly\" venue. \u00a0THANKFULLY, we brought only our 5-year old g-son and not our 9-year old g-daughter....imagine explaining what \"GAY DAYS\" means or what \"cuddle you hard\" means to your 9-year old when \"sexual orientation\" isn't even a part of their thinking! \u00a0BE CERTAIN TO CHECK WHEN GAY DAYS RETURNS TO ANAHEIM AND DISNEYLAND NEXT YEAR (they give you no notice or mention, just in case you want to keep your kids out of The Castro).", "rating": 1}, {"text": "First and foremost, my husband is an Active Duty Military, we are currently stationed in North Carolina. I am originally a California resident so I flew all the way from North Carolina to take my My 4 daughters to your main park for their Birthdays since we hadn't been in 10 years; due to my husbands crazy work schedule. My daughter Mel was standing in \"line\" to see Peter Pan yesterday and he's the type of character that runs away, which is understandable but when he started taking pics again, he completely ignored my daughter Mel and started talking to other kids. She was literally supposed to be next in line and was right in front of him. When he started running away, she followed him and he still ignored her.  I was so disappointed I told her to forget about it and we walked away. She was SO SAD!! I can not believe this type of behavior is allowed from your characters, to treat children in this manor. I usually let things go, but considering our unique circumstances, I couldn't just let it go. I did not fly over 2,000 miles back home, to have my daughter dissed by Peter Pan to the point where she was too scared to try and meet any other characters the rest of the day. Tinkerbell and Peter Pan have been my daughter's favorite characters since she was a baby. Every year she's Tinkerbell for Halloween, she's 10 years old! Her first time meeting her favorite characters and this is what she gets.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family and I just left your park very upset and shocked. After waiting in your long ticket line in this beautiful California summer heat with an infant for over thirty minutes we walked up to the teller just to get told that because my boyfriend's military ID expired a couple weeks ago he wouldn't be allowed to purchase a Veteran's park ticket. As if the date on the ID made him an expired Veteran too. I understand policies and rules but you are telling a man who served our country for SIX YEARS that his \"perks\" such as a discounted ticket price can't be obtained because of a date. We were annual pass holders at Disneyland for 3 years up until 6 months ago, we hold Disneyland close to our hearts just like millions of people across the world..sadly this is how I will remember my last Disney experience. I'm sure my boyfriend wasn't the first Veteran to get turned down for having an expired ID and sadly, he won't be the last.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What is there not to Love !! It's Disney every employee is super nice , but during the fireworks time , there were a couple rude ones , were trying to get to Indiana Jones ride but of course it was almost that time for fireworks, so the employees were yelling an one scream in my ear \u00a0I was trying to just walk by . \u00a0But other than that it was Awesome!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love coming here..even if to just walk around with friends ... rain or shine .. got to love the amount of Starbucks Everywhere", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Lines are longer than ever. Park is half shut down. You can't eat without reservations. Complete waste of time unless your an annual pass holder and come every day. But then you might as well just give them your paycheck and soul. Save the money and go to a different park.   Seriously the lines are ridiculous even with fast pass. Waited over 75mins with a fast pass on the cars ride. As I write this I am in line just to check my bag at security been here over 30mins. Then another 20 just to go thru the gate. \u00a0  Take it from me the park has lost its magic.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "#QuarantinedReviews  I mean. It's Disneyland. You either love it or you really love it. There's something to do for everyone and that is what makes it the happiest place on Earth. Sure, prices are constantly skyrocketing, but the older I get and the more frequently I visit this park, the more I realize how much thought and attention to detail is spent on each aspect of the park that makes it nothing short of beautiful. I even found myself in awe of the little, non-thriller children's rides because of said detail. The last time I visited was in May 2019 and before that in December 2018...and I miss it a lot.   We were planning to visit Star Wars Land in the next few months but now, who knows when we'll be able to do that during this pandemic? What matters more than ever, though, is the fact that we had this freedom to drop things and relish in amazing activities whenever we wanted. We didn't have local and federal restrictions. We did as we wanted. Although I'm reminiscing and missing these days of good energy, we are extremely blessed to have these amazing memories and the chance to be resilient and have them again. We may not know when, but it'll happen again!  FAVORITE MEMORIES  My realization that the tea cup as an adult is one of the worst, anxiety-producing, motion-sickness-causing rides. Leave it for the childhood memories.   Those chocolate-covered pralines!!!!  Blue Bayou for mine and my boo's birthday dinner  The Pirates of the Caribbean ride   Space Mountain, on repeat   The different flavored churros  Matterhorn bobsleds   The jungle cruise!!!!  Indiana Jones Adventure Ride   ....and so many other things. Honestly, good times. To many more again!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Wat a great place to go to with ur kids such a fun place and prices are very good I really recommend this place for families with kids", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland has gone so far downhill -5 stars would be appropriate. I have been an annual pass holder for many years and took a three-year break. Yesterday I renewed my annual pass and I am sad to report I immediately regret the 300$ decision. It costs 18 dollars and 45 mins to park. It took over an hour to get in the park with lines I finally made it around 1230. When I went to enter the park my annual pass wouldn't show my photo so another 12 mins to take my information. I am so disappointed with the horrible customer service. Horrible parking plan, rotten trams, very distasteful. I want a refund! Oh and make sure to get a chase bank loan to get food, snacks and treats. It is so over priced. It's grotesque.   Oh and the status of the bathrooms was so bad I will never return. Take a look for yourself.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "\"Mommy Goofy broke my heart...\" this was what my 3 year old had to say about Disneyland. It was her first time, we were waiting until she was old enough since Disneyland tickets for a family of 6 is pricey! She tried to hug Goofy 3 times that day and all 3 times he walked away. At least she gave Minnie Mouse a hug and after nearly 2 hours in line she hugged Belle her newly favorite \"princess\".  We went for spring break 3/27 and 3/28 yes Dland is always crowed, but the ride waits were ridiculously too long, my three year old was 39\" tall so she was too short for most rides at Disneyland and so many rides were shut down. My kids ended up having more fun at the hotel pool. After swimming we went back for the parade we walked from the beginning of Main St to it's a small world no people would let us sit nor stand to watch, the staff were super rude and that was a shock for me I've gone to Disney parks, cruises etc over 30times. Well we waited until the 10:30 parade and that was the highlight of the trip, but for the thousands of dollars we spent on this trip definitely a disappointment... I recommend you spend your hard earned money anywhere else; take the kids to universal studios or knotts, I know my kids would have enjoyed a stay-cation hotel in San Diego.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'm going to keep this short and simple. DISNEYLAND HAS BECOME SO OVERCROWDED IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO ENJOY THE PARK! I don't understand why they are so greedy. As long as people continue to dish out money, Disney will continue to raise prices. And it's not like you can complain to anyone about a bad experience because they don't care. I wish people would boycott Disneyland! So sad what Disneyland has become", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is the happiest place on earth!! Who doesn't want to dance in the street with Mickey or walk along Main Street while eating a fresh warm churro? The moment you walk through those gates your troubles are left behind. The wonderful cast members go out of their way to try and spread the Disney magic. The characters play their roles so well. They interact with you and are always eager to give an autograph. There are eight different themed lands within this park. You can travel through the jungle and a short walk later you are right in the middle of New Orleans square. The rides are amazing and full of visuals for you to really feel as though you are part of the story, they are telling you. Rides are geared towards the themes of each land. My favorite would have to be Pirates of The Caribbean, you take a boat ride through a pirate's story. Can't forget to mention all the different types of food you can try. You can find the famous Dole whip in Adventureland, Beignets in New Orleans, and a corndog from corndog castle just of Main Street. No matter what you do here it will be an amazing family day. The excitement on everyone's faces is pretty neat to see.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Walt would be rolling over in his grave. The entire staff was terribly rude. \u00a0Not one person made any attempt to provide a magical experience. \u00a0I remember when employees would go above and beyond... not anymore. \u00a0The magic is fading and fading FAST. \u00a0Fire the training managers and any staff who believe they are entitled to be there. Sad to see it today.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth,I don't think so, \u00a0 This place turned into one over populated,expensive hassle. \u00a0Basically have to be wealthy to come to Disneyland now.  I'm sure Mr. Disney Would Be rolling in his grave knowing what this place has become, He wanted it to be affordable for all families but that's just not happening. At least my family has great memories of what it once was.  Never thought I'd be posted negativity about Disneyland but here it is.  Still love you Mickey, no offense,  it's not your fault buddy.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Is it just me or does it feel like every time you come to Disneyland it feels like you're there for the first time. I'd give 1 million stars if I could. From the rides to the treats to the atmosphere to the inviting employees it truly is the happiest place on earth. If you get to visit this park you are lucky. Experience everything is my recommendation. Go on every ride eat every treat that you can and most of all get the max pass so you don't wait in line. Disneyland is where dreams come true and it did for me and my fianc\u00e9 I have attached the photo and Mickey approved!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "don't ever buy any merchandise here you can't even exchange it, they'll give you a bull shit answer. no fitting rooms and yet they expect that is the right fit for you. Manager and crew's even rude. I regret buying stuff here.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is WAYYYYYYY overrated for the PRICE! How can this company be so greedy? Many people can not even afford to take their family anymore. \u00a0It doesn't matter to them though, people will still go. \u00a0Not me anymore, Knotts berry farm is looking real good now. BYE DISNYLAND!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place still has its magic ever since I was little. When I came back after 15 years, the park was even more fun than when I remembered it. They added so many new things like the revamped Star Wars and toy story stuff as well. At night, the parades are lively and fun!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am so disappointed in the Disneyland Park!   First, let me say, for those of you have been to Disney World, this wouldn't hold a candle on the best of days. It's just not as well maintained, as is made obvious by not just the frequent ride outages but also just visually the finishes are old and dingy.   I thought it would be super fun to take my college age daughter for the day after her last final but we spent most of the day walking from one \"temporarily closed\" attraction to standing in line for another only to have it also \"temporarily closed for technical problems\" just as we reached the front of an hours wait line. I was duped into purchasing the$10 Fastpass app option only to find that it won't even give you information about availability of fastpasses if you already have one fastpass in hand. Truly useless. In the end, \u00a0we rode a total of 6 rides. The last ride we had really wanted to do was Guardians of the Galaxy but it had a 2 hour wait so we headed out at 7pm.   Here is the list of closures we encountered: 1. HyperSpace Mountain shut down for technical difficulties. 2. Matterhorn Bobsleds shut down for technical difficulties after we had waited an hour. No fastpasses or anything else given for our wasted time. 3. Alice in Wonderland shut down for technical difficulties  4. Haunted Mansion stopped for technical difficulties while we were riding. 5 HyperSpace Mountain shut down for technical difficulties again!  6. Monorail closed 7. Pirates of the Caribbean closed for refurbishment  I spent about $500 including two Park hoppers passes, lunch and snacks for two and a fairly extravagant appetizer extravaganza for dinner at the Grand Californian Napa Rose, which was mediocre but SO needed after that frustrating day!  I give Disneyland an F and I am never going back!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What's not to like or love when visiting Disney? Let me start with all the grey things about Disneyland. It's the original theme park and holds lots of great mementos and a neat layout that Disneyworld can't. While each park has similarities the land is the place it all began and one can't help but feel like it is the best as it started here. I love that you can hop back and forth to the theme parks easily. The downtown is also attached making it all a convenient experience. While it's much smaller, the quaintness is so charming I found myself staring at the sights and smiling. Some will say it's dated, the castle is tiny, it doesn't have the better rides, I was really thinking the opposite. I felt that world kinda has the second string on some identical rides with the decor and settings. I suppose since it is a new eye on it, it was easy to spot differences. I also found you most certainly should ride the same rides offered in both parks to experience them. I loved the lower crowd volume, the ability to walk the entire park and not feel trapped in a crowd, and the classic rides made me smile as I relived youthful memories of characters long gone. I do suggest visiting both parks. Many other reviewers will give explicit details about where to view the fireworks and have better \u00a0knowledge than me. I will say buy the max pass upgrade and have fun. We were happy to get unlimited passes to ride all day. The only time I wished for my magic band was to pay for something or capture a picture instead of using my paper ticket. I am paper hoarder so I love the mementos. Have fun!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "How in the world does this place get so many stars. \u00a0What an overpriced, crowded, miserable place to go. \u00a0Really $169 for a 1 day park hopper only to stand in a hour + line. \u00a0$3 for a bottle of water and horrible overpriced food to boost. \u00a0They can get away with it because the crowds just keep coming and the five stars just keep getting written. \u00a0Shame on you disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love this place and being a Cali resident I take advantage of everything. Yes, lines are long and it can get packed. It's Disneyland!! Take 3 days to fully enjoy one park at a time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Expect many people, many lines and to spend a ton of money \u00a0Despite this, it's so magical and amazing!! If you don't want to spend so much money, you could try Knotts ~", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Is there any point in reviewing \"THE SO-CALLED HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH \" \u00a0Almost everyone has been there and will go there again many times regardless of what I think, but if I could stop 1 person from going it would be worth it. First I must confess I have a lower tier yearly pass that if I use again it will be only to go with my beautiful granddaughters age 1 and 2. And that would be the only age group I would recommend going. If you are rich baby under age of 3 you might have a great time. Be prepared to spend between $200-$300 to get in and plenty more if you want to purchase chicken nuggets or or $4 water or $5 churros. Close $100 more to advertise for them with a t-shirt and some stupid mouse ears. Maybe I'm out of touch- somebody likes this place as there were so many people you couldn't even walk without bumping someone. Luckily we had line cut passes which enabled us to go on 3 rides. I won't even go into the RUDE park personnel threatening to have security remove me from the park for calling her a b***ch \u00a0 Sorry but when my family and granddaughters are disrespected and they are making $200-$500 on each guest I sort of lose patience. So if this is your thing then go for it \u00a0 But remember that you would be just like- the same reason Mickey Mouse broke up with Minnie Mouse - SHE WAS FUCKING GOOFY", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I had an incredible time there!! I love the Pixar Fest! My favorite place to eat is their Fried Chicken in the Plaza Inn by Main Street. I enjoy the horse ride too. I also love to shop at Star Traders(I think that's the name)...store with Star Wars merchandise!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This situation is ridiculous. Disney does not provide enough bag check gates open and the crowd overflows at the Pixar parking structure. It is impossible to walk through crowds with wall pushing us together. We couldn't get my stroller through. We asked security and police to help the situation and they basically said nope. Not efficient Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Had so much fun with my baby girl. \u00a0 We are definitely \u00a0coming back soon. \u00a0I suggest coming in a week day to avoid the weekend crowds. \u00a0My favorite theme park to come to.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Dear Disneyland,  I contacted you about this in November. \u00a0You responded with a form letter. \u00a0I am contacting you again and am debating whether or not to file an ADA complaint against you.  With regard to service dogs, federal law allows you to ask two questions: 1. Is this a service animal? \u00a0and 2. \u00a0What is the animal trained to do?  Asking me anything beyond this as a condition of being allowed to enter the park is inappropriate and illegal. \u00a0You cannot interrogate me for several minutes, humiliating me in front of other guests and asking me absolutely every question besides, \"What is your disability?\" \u00a0You certainly cannot ask me how my dog is able to detect changes in my blood glucose levels (it is through scent, by the way).  Train your cast members, Disney. \u00a0This is entirely unacceptable and if it happens again, I will most certainly file a complaint with the ADA/U.S. Department of Justice.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'm reluctant to give Disneyland five stars because it's so crowded and so ridiculously expensive these days. But seriously, this park is incredible. I absolutely love Disneyland's neighbor, Knott's Berry Farm, but there's something about Disneyland that makes it SO. MUCH. BETTER. It's just a magical place. I loved it when I was a little girl who watched the princess shows and asked Minnie Mouse to sign my autograph book and rode Dumbo over and over and over again. And I love Disneyland now, even though my idea of a good time has obviously changed quite a bit since then. There's just so much to do at Disneyland for everyone, regardless of age. The shows, parades, rides, and other attractions are amazing.   Definitely check crowd calculators online to find a time to visit when it won't be busy. Not only will you save money (thanks to their new pricing system), you'll have a much more pleasant experience. Also, I highly recommend getting to the park right when it opens, as it tends to be less crowded in the morning. And why not spend the most time possible in the park?   There are a lot of helpful Disneyland hacks videos on YouTube. They have so many great suggestions for how to make the most of your trip.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ridiculous parking situation today, customers re-routed all over the park and waited over an hour just to park. Parking attendant refused to acknowledge there's a problem. Hardly the happiest place after subjecting your customers to this to start the day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Do not bother paying good money for the lobster roll, I know there was some lobster on there, but the roll was so stale, never again. Plenty of other expensive food to spend my money on", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't LOVE Disneyland? It's truly the place that keeps you happy the entire time you're there!  I'll be honest that I was a little upset when I first went into Disneyland but only for personal reasons. When we got there, despite it being a Thursday, the lines were incredible. We thought we beat the crowd by not only arriving early, but also choosing a weekday that was before kids were let out of school.  Little did we know that it was a day where school kids decided to have grad day so lines were outrageous to get in! The ability of the employees working those lines are amazing as we only waited ten minutes to get in with what I estimate to be at least 50 people ahead of us.   Our short time there was nothing less than amazing. One of the biggest highlights of the day was when we were leaving, a gate opened with band players drumming and Mickey just behind them, waving and shaking hands with us spectators.  Minnie came several seconds later and I happened to run up to her and said \"We just got engaged!\" and she clapped her hands, grabbed mine, looked at my engagement ring, and hugged me. My fiance walked over and she hugged him too. She was too adorable! Definitely one of my favorite moments at Disney.   When we had our pictures taken by the Disneyland photographers and told them we just got engaged, they were so genuinely happy and took fantastic pictures of us.  Why are you so amazing, Disney??", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ive had a pass for almost 5 years now and there's a reason why. Disneyland is truly the happiest place on earth. The workers are so friendly and helpful, the park is always nice and clean....and it's just somewhere you can go that fulfills your inner child. There's tons of rides, food and entertainment for everyone of all ages. They pay so much attention to detail you never get bored of just looking around. Till this day I still find new things and they are always updating and changing things around that there's endless things to do!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I do not even know where to begin! I mean it is the \"Happiest Place on Earth\"! I can re-confirm this to be a fact! Suprisingly the park was packed on Monday, but due to spring break this made sense! Park opened at 8AM and we stayed until close to midnight. My kids \"teens\" were in awe of every ride imaginable. Wait times on the rides averaged 60 minutes or less. Took advantage of the \"free pass\" option when available. The churros were amazing and all of the food was top notch!  Even the drops of rain in the evening did not stop us from the rides!  Rain or shine at 10PM the firework show was like the \"4th of July\" in March! Cannot wait to return and check out the Star Wars theme park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This was one of the first few times I have visited Disneyland and California Adventure.  First I pay an insane amount of $99.00 to get in for the day. Second the staff needs to be retrained because I thought that Disney prides itself on place of happiness. The employees all act like they hate their job which ruins the experience for all of us.   Most of the employees my friend and I encountered all had a condescending voice. Sorry we don't know the procedure for the light show. When the light show started we weren't allowed to stand in a public place but were told to keep walking. I am not some animal to be heard.   I was so disappointed by this park, my frustration cannot be explained. I was not at all impressed with the staff at Disneyland in Anaheim and will not be returning for a while.  It is such a shame to see such a wonderful company treating their guest like complete crap.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "For die-hard Disney fans, this is original Disneyland Park that Walt Disney put his sweat and tears into so it's such a beloved theme park for SoCal residents like me. Halloween and Christmas are the most popular times to do to Disneyland as rides such as It's a Small World and the Haunted Mansion have gotten a limited time facelift to enhance our holiday festivities.  If you don't have an annual pass, but can only go to one park, I would recommend Disneyland over California Adventures as the rides are more fun and it's all pure classic Disney. My absolute favorite rides are Space Mountain, Matterhorn, Haunted Mansion, and Big Thunder Mountain. If you want a more adult fun time and booze, go to California Adventures especially since there is one place next to the Guardians of the Galaxy ride that has a special selection of beer on tap for you to order.  I highly recommend getting a $10 MaxPass for the day so you can digitally reserve your Fastpasses on your phone instead of having to physically go to the Fastpass stands. It will help you make efficient use of your time at Disneyland and also, as an added bonus, it comes with a PhotoPass, so you can have a Disneyland photographer scan your ticket and you get digital downloads of professionally-taken photos at Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Amazing and adventurous! Everything I could ever imagine!!! I've always loved Disney so this was just the peak of my existence lol", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I expected to have a great day at Disneyland celebrating a family members birthday, but I was wrong. After an hour 1/2 ride we arrived at the park around 1:30pm expecting to be there till midnight, but upon arriving to purchase the $96.00 tickets per person we were advised the park closes at 7pm.because of a special Holloween party, so we're advised we can go to California Adventures instead which stays open late. I told the ticket lady we traveled a long way to get into Disneyland because two people in our party had never gone. I then asked since they're closing early are the tickets discounted. She replied, No. I couldn't see traveling all the way back home with people expecting to go in for the first time so we paid. Once inside I decided to complain to the customer service area located at their City Hall building. I felt it very wrong and unfair to charge full price for a day that was shortened by five hours. I was told they never discount the prices even on shortened days, so I was given two choices, they could give me tickets to return another day within two years, but I would have to immediately leave the park or three fast passes. The first option was ridculous simply because, we had just arrived after a long drive and we could have not payed and arrived anytime within the next five years if we chose to without their two year deadline, so we reluctantly chose the fast passes only to find out several rides did not accept the fast passes. To make matters worse one of the rides shut down and the attendant said she couldnt return our fast pass even though we never rode the ride. We didn't get to see any shows, no parade, no fireworks, no food or ride many of the rides due to the rushing because of the early closing. Disneyland is not what it used to be. To take peoples hard earned money and not compensate them for their obvious losses is purely wrong. I see Disneyland as an evil place trying to mask itself as good. Their prices have gone up far too high and to keep those prices at regular cost even though the park closes early is simply wrong on their part.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Why am I having to pay all this money to come to the park and have a ton of rides been fixed and then the rides that are running break down. I was stuck inside of pirates for 25 mins for it to restart. Now in the line for Pinocchio for time and it breaks down.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Passholder since 2008! I've noticed as the years go by, so does the spark. Cast members just don't give a crap anymore. I understand the volume of people has increased dramatically over the years and it could be very frustrating working such big crowds but it's just as frustrating to try to maneuver through those big crowds and get absolutely no help. Instead, you're greeted with eye rolls, frowns, pushy hand movements, and sarcastic voices. And don't even think about asking questions! Also, the shuttles from the toy story parking lot need to greet their guests, share a smile, let us know when we're exiting perhaps? The driver the other day literally stopped as if we were getting out, everyone stood up to exit, and then he proceeded to drive off as everyone is trying to balance strollers, kids, and themselves. Such a liability if someone would have gotten hurt! A little 'please remain seated, this isn't our stop yet' would have been wonderful but not a SINGLE WORD was said the whole ride. Please keep in mind that we are here to spend our money, have fun, and make memories with our families. You're employed because we choose to do so. Thanks.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disneyland! I think that pretty much sums it up. The new Star Wars addition is top notch stuff.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is suppose to be \"magical\", but rides break down every other hour and on top of that, the wait for a ride is several hours. To add to the frustration, every teenager cuts the line with massive groups making the waits even longer. I came here super excited and eager, and that completely faded after waiting for 2 hours for 2 separate rides, only to have them both break down. I completely wasted my time :(. Definitely, don't recommend coming here on a weekend...it's pretty unbearable.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I don't know what's going on with Disneyland but I came in today and had the worst experience of my life. I don't know if I ever even want to go back. It's not longer the magical kingdom it's the racist kingdom now. They do \"random\" additional checks but tell me why if it's so random I got pulled to the side 5 times to get checked. Is it a coincidence that every person getting additional checks with me was a person of color? Maybe not so random. Employees have become beyond rude I asked why I was being discriminated against and was told to just wait in line to get checked again. Keep in mind this is when I was leaving the park. Either check everyone or no one. I won't subject myself to being racially profiled like this every again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is truly a park for wheel chairs and strollers! It is filled with middle-age/overweight people posing as disabled who has large families tagging alongside and helpless babies who should really belong to their nurseries! Not only do the 'disabled' magically able to hop on rides, but they (along with their entourage) also get front row seats to shows and priority access everywhere. \u00a0The poor age appropriate kids are left to wait for an eternity to get to their favorite shows and rides! Instead of packing unlimited people into the park like sardines, Disney should start another park for the disabled and their families only and yes, of course they should charge even more! May the magic of Disney be with you!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "They have awefull service...ill never ever go again....highly unrecommended for high cost, over rated rides...and messed up security.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Fun! Disneyland = fun and fun all the way! Did I not mention fun? Ah Disneyland is where you wanna be a kid all over and over again. Absolutely loved each and every time I was there. Whether with a good group of girls or my close girls, or my family- Disney's always been amazing to us! I don't like rides, but I love the sitting down indoor kiddy rides such as Nightmare Before Christmas- what up jack?! And Indiana Jones were of my liking, but any other rides I am a chicken! Count me out. Aside the rides I love the characters! Hey princess Jasmine! Ware you at?! Ahh everything is good at Disney, everything just makes you feel so good inside!   Can't forget the yummy foods and desserts. My favorite being the lobstaaaa nachos and the dole whip ice cream! Ah so so so good- that's the only reason I go to Disney is to pay tribute to these two options in my food dictionary! Ha ha. Happy food, happy soul = happy me!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Its Disneyland what else is there more to say. \u00a0I love this place. \u00a0Great time with the kiddos. \u00a0I try to go on the weekdays when possible to avoid the crowds. \u00a0Love hling for the food and wine festival and their seasonal treats", "rating": 5}, {"text": "LONG LINES! \u00a0 \u00a0This place has definitely gone down hill since we were here 4 years ago. \u00a0Figure 30 minute waits on the kiddy rides and well over an hour on everything else. \u00a0 Even the food lines are slow where anywhere else they would do their best to rush you thru so they could serve more customers. \u00a0The new name of the game is sell as many tickets as possible and have as many \"guests\" waiting in line as possible. \u00a0I think this is my last trip here.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's DISNEYLAND! \u00a0There is no better theme park in the world, and for those that favor Disney World, you are wrong. This is the original, the park that Walt built.  I've been a pass holder for over a decade, and this year I will not renew, prices are super high, but it's OK. The park is overcrowded and people are still flooding the gates. So Disneyland needs to do something about it. I will still take the family two or three times this year. The customer service even with all the crowds is still better than anywhere else. Rides are amazing, and have such history and excitement to them. Queues are long, but that is expected.  You'll have a great time, but just remember one thing in order to not be stressed. Managed expectations. Going on a Saturday in July or August, it's going to be hot and crowded. Tuesday in fall, probably have a decent day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always a blast to come back and bring my family. Lots of memories made every time. Very grateful for theme parks like this that brings a smile to my kids.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Had a great experience with Dr. Cohen! Was referred there by my husband who has been a patient for many years. Dr. Cohen was wonderful...clearly very knowledgeable. He was professional and explained things in a clear and understandable manner. Excellent experience!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "KENNETH... I've never been touched by a guy that knew he messed up as much as I did at Disneyland. \u00a0Bill Cosby has gone to jail for much less (kidding ofcourse, about the reference).   Went with family to Disneyland on the 3 day socal pass from smart and final. All good except wife only had a consulate identification card, With current address. Same address as in my commercial license and veteran card/discharge papers. (I carry this around to brag :))  Didnt see a problem,wife lost California ID, but law enforcement, banks as well as home loan officer accepts this a creditable Identification. NOT KENNETH. (Lead)  After denying entry and telling us to upgrade granted it's only 30 bucks. He proceeded to say wife's card was not REAL. And not American.   Needless to say I filed a complaint after pretty much being embarrassing and discriminating. \u00a0After asking for name he's attitude changed. He began saying it wasn't his call. It came from corporate. And afterwards he began apologizing and even offered \"fast passes for the day\" we where there at 9 p.m. just to see fire works.. moron.... \u00a0  Video was recorded look for it in YouTube soon. (Right after I get a response for my complaint from \"corporate\")  Over all the \u00a0park was nice very busy. No", "rating": 1}, {"text": "More packed than ever, and is only going to get continuously worse is they don't get rid of the payment plans for APs. I prefer, and can, pay up forward and go to an actual enjoyably non-nightmare-crowded park than do payments. I even know people on welfare that can afford passes because of the payment plans. If nothing changes, I'm not spending a penny on Disneyland in the soon future. Shame, was a fan since my childhood with the VHR Disney movies.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love it despite the crowds...where else can you dress up like your favorite attraction?! Remember to be patient &amp; courteous.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO DISNEY????  Our once per year travel to it was filled with several hours of ride closures. Went bank and forth hauling a stroller and tired toddler \u00a0to space mountain and big thunder. Both closed for most of the afternoon. It truly sucks when you expect to be in the HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH and even the staff is rude. \u00a0I guess NOT. So happy anymore.  I hate to complain, but I'm very disappointed in por experience today. \u00a0All the running back and forth. \u00a0Almost got to ride big thunder and it broke again. \u00a08:30 pm !!!!! Made my kiddo stay up late to only be disappointed. \u00a0Ugh.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "For the high price they're charging at the door this park is old outdated boring the lines are forever no comparison with magic mountain or Knottsberry farm where you can get a lot more for a lot less Way OVERRATED!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Let me just start this by saying: DISNEYLAND MAKES SO MUCH MONEY YET CAN'T EVEN HELP THE PEOPLE THAT ARE TRYING TO BECOME LOYAL CUSTOMERS.  I've been to Disneyland twice this year so far, Valentine's Day and Fourth of July. Disneyland is Disneyland so of course it's amazing, never in my life have I been there and did not have fun, and I think this goes for most people. Since I had so much fun Valentines and it surpisengly not being too crowded like I expected, my significant other and I decided to buy an annual pass. We purchased our passes with the Deluxe package at the park on July 4th and was given a paper pass along with our card to get around the park since it was a block out date.  *DELUXE offers 325 days with block out dates for $549 with a monthly payment plan option of $37.50 per month with a down payment of $99. *PREMIUM package is the pass with no block out dates at all with the cost of $779 with monthly payments of $56.67 per month with down payment. When purchasing our pass we were excitingly contemplating if we should get the deluxe or premium. With the park associate right in front of us as we were going back and forth, we were told by the park associate exactly like this: that we are welcome to upgrade our passes anytime and that we would just have to pay the difference with the payments. Of course, when we were told that, we assumed it would just raise up our payment plan. So we decided to go forward with the Deluxe package that day not having any exact plans of when we were coming back but knowing that we were going to come back since we have passes. We made plans to go this weekend 8/8/15 for a cousin's birthday but that day is a block out date so we made a decision to might as well upgrade to the premium not thinking it was going to be a big deal.  I called Disneyland just to confirm how it works to upgrade. I was told by 3 different workers that they would need the difference between the passes of $230 up front that day we come and can't alter the monthly payments. I had to ask multiple times why I couldn't just sign a new revised contract of just making my monthly payments higher because I just couldn't make myself understand why they couldn't do that. I'm obviously authorizing the park to charge my card more a month, which also means the park would be making more money as well. If I was told this at the beginning, I would have chose the Premium package already so I wouldn't have to deal with this. They must have just changed this policy when they recently raised the prices because a friend of mine who had a pass last year was able to upgrade and just making her monthly payments more without having to collect the whole difference up front.  Very frustrated, I requested to get transferred to Guest Experience services and spoke with Alexis. When explaining the situation I was in and why I couldn't understand, she was trying to cut me off few times saying \"nope, nope we just can't do that.\" That right there is when I had to ask her if she could stop cutting me off because I know I was not being rude and was simply just asking for some kind of help or she can have a manager help me since I had already bought my plane tickets to LA (coming from the bay area). I had to ask her if she could just please listen to the point I was trying to make out. She then offered me two complimentary tickets just for this Saturday with my pass to help me out since I was misinformed which I TRULY TRULY appreciate. And this does help me for this weekend, BUT again this only helps me for THIS weekend. What about next time we decide to go and it's a block out date? I don't mind upgrading to go more but to have to pay $230 up front to upgrade and not being able to just pay the premium monthly payments instead of the deluxe is ridiculous. And considering that there's two of us $460 is a lot at once. So I doubt we'll be upgrading our passes which is a disappointment not only for us, but it's holding back the park from making money as well. I know I can't be the only one that will come across this same problem and inconveniance, so I hope that this policy will change back soon to that we can go more.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Fast pass, fast pass! The only way to do Disneyland, unless you want to stand In line forever. Trust me ten bucks a person is so worth it!   We went last week during the pixar fest. Having three boys and a daughter all above the age of 8, they loved it. They remember as a child watching the first Toy Story movie, and my kids watched all the movies, it was \u00a0on their \"favorites\", \u00a0need to watch at least once a week, movie list. So, it was a delight that we saw so much of it.   Even though the food and water is super pricey, and you can't take hardly anything but water in, who can complain about the happiest place on earth?   Oh the plus of people directing parking is heaven for a place we know is going to be busy!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love the World of Color! It made me feel like I was actually in a magical place. I will definitely take my family there.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Horrible Horrible place!   Let's start with traffic just to get into this place. It's a cluster you know what. Its like moving cattle throughout the parking areas.   Overall - VERY HYPED UP!!   Too many programs to member and confusing for 1st time visitors. I'm a huge fan of Universal Studios. So much fun, easy to navigate, no parking issues, never crowded and much more!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland! That's all I have to say. I haven't been here in years and I'm glad I came back. This place is just so nostalgic for me. As a kid I lived near the area and had a season pass, so I've been there a bunch of times and it never gets old. Everything (except the star wars land place) is amazing. All of the characters walking around, the friendliness of the cast members and just the aura of this place get me smiling. If you're going to the park make sure to download the app. Sometimes the ride wait times are a little off, but they are pretty helpful in planning your time and what worlds you are traveling to.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I had something bad happened to me at Disneyland. Basically mote water from Pirates of the Caribbean splashed into my mouth and I got the worst case of strep throat I've ever had! I'm the kind of person that never get sick I have not been sick prior to this incident in a year. As soon as it happens I spit the water out but I knew instantly I was going to get sick. That ride has been there for god knows how long and has rusty boats, pirates bodies and skeletons floating in it. I emailed them just to let them know what happened to me and they recommended I file a claim. I was not looking for a handout. The claim manager Jorge Del toro (714 781 1216) reached out to me. What really bugs me was this. While he was asking me what happen his tone was apologetic an sympathetic and then after getting the whole story his tone quickly changed to snarky, cocky and rude. Quickly saying that I have no case and you have no way to prove you got strep throat from our water. His attitude and demeanor made me so mad. I love Disneyland, I met my wife there 10 years ago and we were celebrating our honeymoon. We got married April 7 and we took the week off after to celebrate. We thought we would go back to the spot where we first met all those years ago and afterwards I was the sickest I've ever been in my entire life.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "best place to be when you are craving  sweets, smoothies, holiday themed entrees and deserts, fantastic themed lands, amazing rides!!! cant forget the crying kids and adults!! i love it here!! this is literally my happy place. i'm here almost every sunday... and say hi to the big bad wolves social club if you see them walking around!!! they are absolutely a very chill group. very friendly and family oriented.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is literally the most wonderful most magical place ive ever been to, i understand its down for covid reasons but i can't wait to go back !!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The people who work there take their jobs wayyyyy too seriously to the point where it is a constant interference with the fun one would associate with an amusement park. The cost to attend the resort would be reasonable if not for outrageously indignant workers.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is the original of the Walt Disney World theme parks and because we were just at Disneyworld in Orlando three months ago, we were looking forward to our trip here to LA to compare and be able to experience both.  Disneyland is much smaller, yet it was the perfect size for our day trip. The compass in the middle connects the two parks; Disneyland Park and California Adventure, each with its own rides, shows \u00a0and restaurants. The Wifi can be spotty yet I recommend downloading the app to help plan your visit.   My daughter's orchestra group was able to have a recording session at Backstage Disney (where they learned how soundtracks are created and they recorded their own!) and from there we were let into the parks very easily. I highly recommend park hoppers and Fast Passes for a more economical and more convenient visit, since it's always busy and crowded. We caught two parades during our visit and I highly recommend the Frozen show in California Adventure. There are several showtimes each day and it's a really well done show. As good as Broadway! We were impressed.  The teenagers enjoyed the rides and they have tamer ones for little kids as well. The food can be pricey and it's a good idea to keep water with you since it's a lot of walking. If you like fried chicken I highly recommend the chicken at the Carnation Cafe. They have Starbucks and great shopping (pricey but good) on Main Street. Cute clothes and great souvenirs. It seems to always be crowded so you have to have patience! (Too many people with strollers!! I think families should wait until their children are actually old enough to REMEMBER their trip...but that's just my opinion.)   I met Mickey Mouse and you have the opportunity to meet other characters. I highly recommend everyone experience it at least once. There's something for everyone and it's a lot of fun!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So much fun, so much to see and do. Fun themed food and delicious treats. Great rides and shows", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I remember Disneyland as being such a magical place when I went there as a child and a teenager but coming back as a 30-something adult was a very different experience! Walt Disney would roll over in his grave if he knew what became of his beloved park. First off the price is rather exorbitant just for admission. $200 for 2-days 1-park per day or $250 for a 2-day park hopper. Obviously 3 days will cost you more and of course that doesn't include food, souvenirs, parking, travel expenses, hotel etc. This place is corporate greed at its greediest and you get so little for a lot of money. The crowds and the lines are just incredible. You pay all that money basically to wait in line all day. You wait to get into the park, you wait to go through security, and then you wait forever to get on the rides. You can't move in the park in certain places because it's so crowded and the guests I'm assuming anxious to get their money's worth and to see everything are rude and aggressive (I got ran over twice by some double wide strollers being pushed by some stressed out parents without even a sorry) but I really can't blame the guests. I think the way the park is set up and ran and the costs associated with going make people act this way. Several iconic rides that I was looking forward to going on were closed such as the Matterhorn and Pirates of the Caribbean which was very disappointing. We waited a very long time to ride Indiana Jones only to have it be shut down right as we were about to get on (we did get to ride it later on with a Fast Pass). A lot of the rides seemed to be breaking down and for the amount of money they're making in tickets, food, souvenir/toy sales etc you would figure they would have the funds to refurbish the park a little bit (they should probably close for several months and do that but they are far too greedy to do that). The wait times are astonishing and apparently the day we went wasn't even the busiest which makes me wonder what you are even able to do or ride on during a busy day because we were only able to get on a handful of rides as it was. We waited over an hour and a half for Space Mountain. Unbelievable! Even with the fast passes you still have to wait in line not to mention having to wait in line to get the fast passes themselves! Plus sometimes you have to come back hours later just to use the fast pass because they're pushed out that far ahead. I see a lot of kids crying and upset, how many small children can wait in line for hours? The food is also overpriced and terrible quality. Cheap ingredients and no flavor all for a rip off price. I recommend if you do go to bring food and snacks with you in a bag and keep what you buy to eat to a minimum. The Dole pineapple whips in Adventureland was delicious (the only thing I enjoyed eating all day). The toys and souvenirs are ridiculously expensive, a Mickey Mouse ear hat is now $25! A simple Disneyland pen was $7!!! For a pen!!! A balloon was $9! It was crazy! Some of the rides were iconic and fun like Small World, Indiana Jones, Haunted Mansion, Jungle Cruise etc but hardly worth the price or wait. This company is laughing all the way to the bank while their guests get nothing but disappointment! California Adventure next door (which I plan on reviewing separately) was an improvement and was much less crowded and had better food and was cleaner so if I do ever return I'll save some money and only go there. All in all it was nothing at all like I remembered from my childhood and not worth the price to only be able to get on a handful of rides. Sad. Very sad.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Highly disappointed with Disneyland. We live in California and my son and his friends came here last week because their school wasn't in session. We bought one day tickets to both parks for $160 and when we arrived 7 of the major rides were down. We asked a worker at the park what they could do to make the experience better and the response was \"its on the website, you chose to buy tickets anyway\". The way he told the chaperone was condescending and that left a bad taste in our mouths so Im posting his now. We love Disneyland, My son is 12 and we spent our 10th birthday at Disneyland when we could afford the year pass. We have 3 kids and were not in the same position financially to come as often we would like. We love Disneyland and its a great park but this experience was subpar and the interaction from the employee was not a what we expected from Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My first time to Disneyland was enjoyable. Christmas season is a bad time to come because the kids are all out for school. Overall, well organized and friendly staff. Excellent rides if you are willing to wait. Good family fun.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have been working in hospitality business for almost 2 decades and for the first time, I have encountered a supervisor, named Chris from Rowland Heights at the main entrance who seemed not to care about my situation. My son, who is presently serving in the military surprised us by visiting us for a couple of days last memorial weekend. He took us to Disneyland for our family to bond and have a good time. Upon entering the park and walked to Space mountain ride to get the fast pass, my daughter's ticket had a problem so we asked someone on what to do. A lady informed us to just bring the her ticket to the front so they can re scan it. I asked my son just to take some other rides so they went to autopia. When my wife and I reached the front gate, I spoke to Chris and he didn't apologize for what had happened. He only said and I quote \" your daughter must be here at the gate \" . I explained to him that my son and daughter were both went to fall in line to a different ride and time was very important for us. I mentioned to him also that the lady by the space mountain only informed us to take the ticket at the front gate for re scanning. Without any feelings or care, Chris just informed us that our daughter must be present and he cannot do anything even if our daughter was already inside the park. He just offered us a fast pass and that was it, never did own the problem or apologize being the supervisor. I don't know how long you've been working there Chris but you have to at least smile or apologize for what had happened to my daughter's ticket because I don't want other families to go to the happiest place on earth and have the same experience that we had. A smile is the prettiest thing you can wear.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Customer service for tickets sales and annual passes is a joke. \u00a0I've been twice in the last month. \u00a0Tried to upgrade for first trip for a \"Awh too bad\" and zero explanation on what actually to do. \u00a0So I call on my second trip to upgrade again and I got a \"sorry I can't help\" wtf can't someone actually say \" go in person \" i even tried the app just now. \u00a0It's been 8 hours since I left and $840 of wasted money because this billion dollar company won't allow you to upgrade unless in person. \u00a0 Shame on you Disney! It costs thousands of dollars to go here and I only have 1 kid. \u00a0I've spend $2000 in a month and suppose to go back in 2 weeks again?! I'm suppose to drop another $520 now ? For 2 days because your customer service people are less than caring. \u00a0I literally feel so completely taken advantage of. \u00a0We have spend over $1000 on your gear and max passes , photos , hundreds on food and parking and the best you can do is \"Awh too bad\" wow. Terrible.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We purchased a Disneyland vacation package for 4 nights at a neighborhood hotel at the Fairfield Marriott, the beds were awful. Part of the package was 3 days at Disneyland, 2/24, 2/25, and 2/26. We were in the security check-in line by 6:30 am, we get through security and then we stood in line for the park to open. Monday &amp; Wednesday the park opened at 9 am Tuesday we had the early bird passes and got in at 8:00 am. They would start letting us into the park about 45 mins before opening time, but gates on the inside of the park would not open until opening time. \u00a0We then stood by the Tomorrowland and waited, so at 9:00 am we could try to get a reservation for the New Star Tack ride. By 9:01 am the reservations were full for the day. We never got one reservation for the Star Tack Ride the 3 days we were there. (By the way, to get a reservation you have to use the Disneyland app on your phone and it only works after you go under the bridge inside Disneyland). We would take our kids every other year when they were living at home, now they are grown, I hadn't been to Disneyland in about 10 yrs. My youngest son 28 and I wanted to go back to the happiest place on earth again. Sadly to say it's no longer the happiest place on earth. Most of the employees were grumpy. We paid for Fast Passes hopper tickets and now you can only do 1 Fast Pass at the time. I have never been there when it was that business. When I made the reservation I made sure I booked it on the offseason. We only ride got to ride a few rides the 3 days we were there. The wait time for most rides was never less than 60 mins and most of the time there were 75 mins to 100 mins. I am really surprised they did not have umbrellas up so people standing in line for rides or food could in the shade. It was so hot, people were getting sick. We made reservations to eat breakfast Monday &amp; Tuesday at the Carnation Restuarant in DL, on Main Street and Monday night we had reservations Blue Bayou both the food and service was very good. On Wednesday we had reservations at the La Brea Bakery in Downtown Disney the food was okay but our waiter was not very nice at all. We also eat at Jazz Kitchen Express, Downtown, DL it was awful.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The one star rating is for customer service. \u00a0My wife and I bought So-Cal passes in May. \u00a0My wife then added parking to her pass in August. \u00a0Somehow the box office downgraded her pass to So-Cal select to make it cheaper to add parking. \u00a0Why? We didn't ask...so when we went to the park on a weekend, she couldn't get in but my pass was fine. \u00a0We called pass holder customer service and they couldn't believe this happened, never heard of this before! So they were going to get someone with authority to call us back in 48 hours to fix this. Well they never called (after we spent an hour on the phone originally). We called again and spent another 45 minutes for them to tell us we just need to pay to upgrade...um no. If I ordered pizza and got home and had a wrong pizza and went back to the store and told them, they wouldn't ask me to pay the difference because my TIME and FRUSTRATION. \u00a0It is your fault Disneyland, not ours. \u00a0We couldn't go to the park that day, so I guess that's magical. \u00a0Somehow it's our fault that they did something that technically they are not supposed to be able to do. \u00a0With how much it costs you would think the least they could do is put her pass back to what it was originally purchased at. Hopefully someone will get this and reach out to do the right thing.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest Place on Earth. Get a corn dog. Sit on the curb early for the evening parade in the summertime.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "They moved my stroller an I had to search for it for 30 minutes Disneyland should not touch my stuff then I tried getting on the pirates of the cars ran with my stroller folded because I saw other people do that and the rude employee harassed me until we left the stroller aside my husband had to walk and park it near the ride exit which is near a restaurant to make sure they would not touch my stroller. They violated my trust by moving my stroller without my consent. It ruined my whole day. The crowds are awful we went on what was considered a slow day slow? Slow?! It was like being a sardine just walking we lost track of each other a few times because of the dense crowd of people meaning we spent at least two hours searching for each other throughout the day. The exits to some rides are so far away from the entrance you will get lost. The shop items suck there's nothing really worth buying and it all costs a fortune for plastic crap. I would've rather gone to knotts because you can get a year pass for the price of a day at Disneyland. I never want to come back I just can't believe how rude that female employee was she made fun of us for having to listen to her if you go to Disneyland bring a bike chain if you have a stroller.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Horrible! Crowded , long lines , long wait times , even with reserving a time to go on a ride . Definitely not the happiest place on earth !!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The rental scooter from Disneyland at the park are in poor shape. Don't bother renting from the park, use 3rd party companies.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Beware of Disneyland phone reps!! \u00a0They will steal from you by canceling your reservations even if you ask them not to and then charge you cancelation fees. \u00a0  On Monday Nov 20th, I made a same day lunch reservation we quickly decided (30 to 40 min) later we'd like to cancel. \u00a0I called into Disney dining to cancel and waited on hold for an hour to get through. \u00a0Needless to say I was already pretty frustrated with such a crazy hold time. \u00a0After stating my frustration with the hold time, I asked to cancel my reservation. \u00a0The representative told me she'd charge me a $40 cancel fee, which I said was crazy given I had just made the reservation. \u00a0She insisted on the charge, so I relented and told her not to cancel and that we'd keep the reservation. \u00a0I told her I was not happy with Disney and she hung up on me.  After that call my reservation disappeared from the Disney app. \u00a0I went to the restaurant to confirm I still had a reservation, but they had no record of my reservation.  A week later I check my credit card statement and guess what I have... a $40 cancelation charge from Disney. \u00a0They never sent me an email or anything showing they had canceled my reservation. \u00a0They just charged me after I had asked them to not cancel my reservation. \u00a0  So basically the moral of the story is Disney can treat you like garbage by leaving you on endless holds, sending you to voicemail hell, talk over you, blow you off and then charge you fees for cancelations you didn't agree to, but you need to kiss their rear ends the entire time and not show any frustration with the treatment you've gotten. \u00a0Just say thank you and may I have another. \u00a0  It's a shame as we won't be going back to Disney. \u00a0No cruises or parks for us if they treat their customers with such disdain.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland, I'm 60 years old and still one of my favorite places to go. It does get crowded \u00a0but it's still worth it. The animation and engineering on the rides and even simple exhibits is amazingly so much detail. A union I was in had absent ship to club 33 I was there once back in the 90s. That was very nice. The park is a bit pricey but they have a huge overhead. If it was cheaper the grade of animation and engineering \u00a0would be like the other Orange County theme park. I enjoy that place too and I'm not insulting it at all. Both parks are a lot of fun", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland used to be a lot of fun. Now it is merely a place where you can have short intervals of fun in between looong intervals of standing in line, paying through the nose for everything, and being disappointed over and over. We went in April between spring-break and Memorial Day thinking that it wouldn't bee too crowded. WRONG!!! Place was a GDMF zoo every day we were there. Too many disappointments to list them all, so I'll sum up my review as such: \"Fuck Disney! We'll never be back!\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "After 15 long years I am finally a Disney annual passholder again! I grew up very close to Disney and my parents are huge fans so they took my brother and me to the park often. My first time was when I was only 3 months!   There is just something about Disney that puts a smile on your face. Yes, it does cost money, but doesn't everything these days?! I crunched the numbers and, as usual, you get what you pay for! I now have access to endless hours of fun. With an annual pass the crowds aren't even an issue because you can always come back another time if you don't get to do the attraction you want to do.   I looked into other amusement parks that were a lot cheaper but they didn't come close to the entertainment that Disney has to offer. Not to mention between the 2 parks there is always something different to do! Sometimes we even just chill at Downtown Disney for some shopping and dining with the extended family who do not have passes.  If it's not your cup-of-tea that's fine. I'm not here to change anyone's opinion. Just laying out the facts. See you @ Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The day we went we got in a long line for Dumbo. \u00a0Waited waited. \u00a0Told to get out of line the ride was broke. \u00a0Went next door to Casey Jr. \u00a0waited waited waited. \u00a0Told to get out of line as the ride broke. \u00a0Went over to Pan's ride.. waited. Waited waited. Ride not going. \u00a0Finally after an hour...got a one minute ride. \u00a0Entire day... we were only able to get on 3 rides in spite of getting there when they opened. \u00a0Way too much money to just wait in line. \u00a0If I didn't have grandkids... I would never go again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We visited Disneyland in Anaheim recently and were very disappointed. It was our first visit. We paid more than 1K for us and 3 kids for park visit for 2 days. Waiting for each attraction is 45 minutes average. We had a baby and were asked to leave the stroller each time at the beginning of the line for attraction. And then I had to carry the baby for 45 minutes in waiting for each attraction. Bizarre and crazy experience. Never again! The attractions themself very childish and the whole experience wasn't worth the money even close. After first day my legs were finished and second day was a complete suffer. Never again we'll go to Disneyland. They even didn't have the option to buy front in line pass like Universal studios have. The Universal studios definitely worth the money.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth! The best vacation I've had with my family in a long time!!! Memories we will cherish forever", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Seriously suck balls, after 2 hours of waiting in line then they inform you they are having difficulties and need to close the ride. So angry! Everything was over priced, feel bad for the poor parents there.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest most magical place on earth .. recommend everyone to visit .. all the children will fall in love with the magic around them.. good vibes", "rating": 5}, {"text": "How can you give Disney anything other than 5 stars!   This was a great time to go, they were filming Disney's ABC Holiday Special 2019, so there was a definite buzz (cameras, stars etc). Kinda cool. Plus seeing all the Christmas decor everywhere was awesome. My son got to lead his high school band (Carlsbad Lancers) down Main Street USA just preceding the Holiday Parade. Wow, that was cool to see! Such a proud mom!  I was amazed at the new Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge. That was really impressive . . . and massive! You really feel like you're there. Thank you Disney!   Again, as always, I was transported back to my childhood. It's such a great place to forget the outside world and live in make-believe for a day. Walt was a smart man to plan it that way. As our world gets more and more crazy, \u00a0people will crave the Disney experience. It's a great place to escape.  FOOD: Oh, have you ever tried the Plaza Inn for fried chicken??? Oh my goodness, the crunchiest and juiciest around. We always go here and are NEVER disappointed. Plus it's a great place to hang out and watch a parade or just the people themselves. Try it. :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland Management, I really hope that your team addresses these issues. We shall see, right? Honestly, I do not know where to begin. We were quite disappointed in so many things this past visit. First, we noticed that most of the employees/cast members that we encountered and interacted with were rude. At first, I thought that maybe it was one or two having an \"off\" day. As it repeatedly happened, we realized it was the culture there. It's very different compared to how it used to be. It seems like since people/families will continue to go there and spend hundreds or thousands in their visit(s) at \"the happiest place on earth\" they just don't really care how they treat their guests. We were there for a few hours on Saturday mid morning until mid afternoon. Then, we went back at 9:20 pm until 11:00 pm to watch the show. There were no parades scheduled during their peak day. The entry fee prices increased again. It was $135/pp (add another $10/pp for Max Pass) for a peak day at one park. We expect to pay a lot since it is Disneyland (after all). However, the character sightings were not as shown on their app. For example, it showed Minnie Mouse on Main Street from 2:30 to 3:30 (I forgot the exact times now because I deleted the app and my screen shots). Well, we got there at 3:00 and she was taking pictures with a family of four. I stood there and the cast member that accompanies the character tells me, \"Sorry, that was the last family. Come back in two hours\". Huh? Your app shows that she will be here until 3:30. I asked her and she replies, \"Everything is on our app\". I tried to show her the times and she ignored me and they walked off. My youngest starts crying since Minnie Mouse is her favorite character and doesn't realize what is going on. Then, we see Goofy. My littles and I rush to stand in line (I just want to pacify them). Again, we are cut off. Wait, the app shows that he should be here for another hour. I guess a lady got upset and tried to take a picture of him. The cast member \"flips out\" and blocks her from taking a picture of Goofy. They exchanged words and another lady butts in and they start swearing at each other. I grabbed my littles in disbelief and rush away. My husband who was waiting on the side rushes over and asks me, \"Are they seriously flipping each other off and yelling?\" Yep. Great for our littles to see at the happiest place on earth, right? By then, we were done for the afternoon. As we near the main entrance, \"Oohh..Cinderella\". Ummm..you guessed it...walking away and we see little girls crying. That's our cue to leave. We decided to go back later that night hoping things would be better. Ha. No such luck. The security guard that checks your personal belongings went through my wallet and practically counted my money and looked between my credit cards. Seriously, wth??!! That is definitely uncalled for! As we stood by for 40 minutes patiently waiting for the Fantasmic show to start (while a child threw up next to us and it was there the entire time); our little one grabbed the rope next to us for about 5 seconds. An employee comes up and rudely says, \"She can't touch the rope. It's a safety issue.\" At this point we had had it. How about cleaning up the puke? That is a safety issue. We walked away and didn't even watch the show. The only cast member that was friendly and genuine was Michael. He was working at the exit gate at the main entrance at about 9:20. I really wish that we went to Legoland instead like my just turned 7 year old wanted.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is the most magical place on earth. If you're deciding whether or not to visit, just do it. You will not regret it. Disneyland is a place where you can go and feel like a kid again and it's okay! The magic is for all ages to come and enjoy. Not just kids. Everybody. All of the cast members are so kind and make you feel so welcomed and at home. I actually consider Disneyland a second home to me. Everyone needs to visit at least once in their life.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We went to Disneyland with my 2 daughters and a few of her friends on 12/30/13. It was soooo crowded... You literally had to wait in line to walk from one location to another. The lines were so long even with using fast pass and apps that give you wait times. Whenever I see a Disney commercial tugging on your heart strings that it's the best place to make memories with your kids, I remember the sea of people I witnessed. \u00a0Disneyland looks nothing like what it looks on tv. In my opinion, they should have a limit of how many people they will let in. Even after you pay $100 per ticket, they still don't think that's enough to give you a stress free hassle free day at Disneyland. I'd rather pay $200 per ticket and have some reasonable wait times at rides, while getting food, even the bathroom(!) than what they are offering now as an experience. I think they should take reservations so they know how many people will show up and sell a limited number of on the spot tickets.   I too love the magic of Disney as other reviewers have mentioned, but will be going to Legoland, sea world and universal studios rather than Disneyland until the crowding is put under control.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "No matter how crowded it gets, you'll always bump into a super nice employee who greets you with a huge smile &amp; is full of helpfulness. Plus, have you seen the parks floors???? It's always clean. They have tons of workers, making sure it's clean. Constantly picking up kids wrappers &amp; trash.   My favorite part about this park is the rides that I grew up riding. Though there's some new ones, I'll always love Peter Pan, Dumbo, and Alice In Wonderland Tea Cup!   Omg if you ever get the chance to find these beignets, you've got to try them! They're sooo bomb!!!! #MickeyBeignets my bf &amp; I loved it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disney Land one of my favorite places to go to, it has amazing rides. The cast members are always nice and when you get on rides everything is so organized. It truly is the happiest place on earth!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Such a great family vacation spot! \u00a0Employees are so helpful! Cant wait to go back. Do check out there jalapeno pretzels they were my favourite of the entire day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Lots of rides having multiple temporary periodic closures today thunder Mtn, star tours, Pirates of Caribbean, mr toad s adventures \u00a0- listing of just the ones we tried to get on. With all the money they make you would expect better maintenance Peter Pan closed Lots of upset guests today  Why can't they repair the rope pull in the waiting line where the ceiling with spikes come down at the Indiana jones ride  Went back to startours with today's fast pass after first attempt failed due to closure. We were told today's fast \u00a0pass is expired and would no longer be honored. \u00a0Didn't matter that the ride was closed at our fast pass time and they told us to come back later", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The Happiest Place on Earth \u00a0everything about Disneyland is five star. From the friendly cast members, to the great food, to the 'cleaned streets' that are nearly spotless throughout the day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "and let me tell you why...because youre ripping us off!!! really, the price is ridiculous? \u00a0How do you expect single hard working parents to take their kids...it cost a fortune! \u00a0Everything there is cool except for being too crowded and the price! \u00a0We love this place but really, I think someone is taking advantage of us. \u00a0Lower your prices, we are not millionaires and would like to go more than once every 3 years!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love this place! Honestly where the magic happens. There is something for all ages. This is where you can take your family, your date, and/or just go by yourself. Everyone that works there is so friendly and sweet. This place is where you can make memories as well as think back to all the nostalgic memories you had regarding Disney.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on Earth is you have deep pockets.   Here are my secrets: Park a couple blocks away in a residential area and Uber to the entrance of the park. You save $25 for parking in their lot. Get the $15 max pass/fast pass on their disneyland app. It tells you about wait times, where the characters are sighted, etc. So worth it so you don't have to stand in line all day for rides.  Shoutout to Dave at Royal Theater for the fantastic customer experience! He hooked us up.  Their Dole Whip is delicious!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "No value for the overpriced ticket admission. We purchased the Fastpass which was worthless! You have to download their app which is only iPhone friendly, then you must reserve the ride. Caveat is that you can only reserve two rides at a time. And, you must wait two hours to reserve more. By lunchtime, at least six of the very few rides you can actually use the Fastpass on, were already reserved and unavailable. Walt Disney would role over in his grave if he knew about the unadulterated greed and selfishness that is now his legacy! Back in the day EVERY child could enjoy Disneyland, which was Walt's intention.   Disneyland is not what is used to be. Lines are longer, \u00a0the famous max pass turned out to be a marketing gimmick to make you spend more. \u00a0You end up doing the same amount of time. The app makes you walk across the whole park for the next scheduled ride and then on top of that, you can't schedule another ride until one hour after the last one. Not worth the 431 dollars for the one day park hopper.   Disneyland has a lot to learn from Disney World. \u00a0Where are the wristbands? \u00a0The queue to get in is so unorganized and lots of people cutting. \u00a0Just awful. \u00a0No Disney spirit. \u00a0The park is filthy. \u00a0Avoid and go to Disney World. \u00a0What's with the tiny castle? \u00a0It's so small. \u00a0Maybe consider putting storage lockers before the security check for people considering changing their minds about bringing in a bag. What is up with the wasted Magic Hour? \u00a0Anyway, again if you want to have a magical time, enjoy the rides and park skip Disneyland and save for Disney World in Orlando! That is wayyyyyy better and worth it.   Oh! Self sticks are prohibited and they don't provide lockers so they throw them away...don't even bother bringing one.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hello, I just left your park. Wrote this same thing to guest services!!! Think twice before going here! Was walked out by someone from guest services. I took vacation time, gas, and hotel to be here for this day. I unfortunately will not have the money to return to the park for over 6 months due to the fact that I used what two days vacation time I had left. To allow that many people into a park is not only scary but beyond rude. To think my time my money isn't just as important as the Disney land parks is obscene! That's how I feel crying as I write this e-mail to you. Over 4 hour wait times for a fast pass. You think you can get more than one fast pass and decide to go eat in between but the lines to eat and sit down where over 2 hours. I waited 25 minutes to go to the bathroom and 45 minutes in the guest relation line to be able to use my tickets on another day. Do you have a 4 year old? The look on his face when we were not going to wait over an hour and a half to go on a ride. Did you carry him out crying?????? I have tickets to come back. Good for two years. The question is will I ever come back? No! I can go to Florida where I grew up going to Disney world and wait reasonable wait times for rides. It would cost me less. The money I spent to park and go to your park to have to leave an hour and half \u00a0later is so upsetting I don't know if anything will make up for it. There should be a certain amount of people you let in. I am back in my car on my way home to vegas. Very upset with a upset child and husband. And wasted time off with more gas to pay to go home for something we paid for but didn't even enjoy one bit. Doesn't seem like the happiest place on earth anymore!!!!  Crying literally.....", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is really the happiest place on earth, its costly but hey when was fun cheap! Very memorable experiences made here with my children. Will come back all the time!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We drove from San Francisco to LA. Well, I did the driving. One exit away and it took 2 whole hours. What the hay. An 8 lane parking lot. Nothing bad to say about Disneyland. We had a blast. Hotel was offsite. Next time, we stay onsite.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My daughter and I love this park. Season passes is the way to go and it fills the time beautifully. To make the lines go fast we do her homework and by the time we're done with one subject we are getting on a ride. So fun.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Truly is the happiest place on earth! It is expensive but its not somewhere I am going to more than once a year and i expected it to be pricey. Lines were long but that too was expected. Overall my family had a great time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I loved going to Disneyland resort, because I have fun with my family to watch fireworks on New Year's Eve and parades. Also, I liked the rides to go to Star tours the adventure continues with the last Jedi that it's based on the movie, Roger rabbit, Peter Pan flight, Indiana Jones ride, Matterhorn, space mountain, autopia, Buzz Lightyear blasters, Snow White dark ride, the haunted mansion, pirates of the Caribbean water ride, splash mountain, Alice in wonderland, it's a small world, jungle cruise and Tarzan's treehouse. My family and I go to the them park once in a while, because it's very expensive to pay the tickets. However, I can't wait to see the new Star Wars land, when it's a grand opening for next year in summer.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I cannot say enough great things about Disneyland Park! I have grown up going to Disneyland over the years, and as a local Disneyland Annual Passholder, it never gets old! I go here just about every weekend unless I have other plans. I have the top annual pass with MaxPass, which I would say is essential for booking your FastPasses digitally, rather than having to go to the ride to get them. This allows you to better maximize your FastPasses you can reserve.   The ride, the atmosphere, the food; all of it is just amazing. Disneyland is like home to me. Other theme parks just don't even come close to touching the magic Disney has. Some of my favorite rides here are Space Mountain (especially the Star Wars Hyperspace Mountain version), Matterhorn, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, Splash Mountain, etc. As a local, it's fun to go explore the different offerings and not feel as rushed to cram as many rides in as possible.   Prices of annual passes and tickets have definitely increased a lot, but it's definitely worth the money to have an annual pass if you use it enough.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Just simply the happiest place on earth. The food is amazing. I HIGHLY recommend their turkey leg. It's SOOOO TENDER and juicy! You can get it basically anywhere in the park. They're usually sold in their food carts. And their Pineapple Dole Whip is to die for", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I went with my family yesterday and today to Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure and it was really amazing that's what I call HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH. Also I like the way they had this summer special occasion it's called Pixar pier because they had a parade with a lot of Pixar characters throughout history we watched and fireworks dancing and decorations they had thank you Disney and Pixar people. And will I come back for more of these next Summer or as long as I want for more special and magical things Yes I will because it's been my childhood. HAPPINESS PLACE ON EARTH no matter what I can always count on.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I mean how can you not give Disneyland a 5 star review. There are of course lines that have to be dealt with and sometimes other guests can impact your own experience. That being said the magic of Disney (in my opinion) always overshadows all of that. I have never had a negative experience with cast members and the lines can be cut down on by making sure you have the Disney app and purchase max passes for the day. Can't wait for my next trip down.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It pains me to write such a horrible review of Disneyland. I grew up in OC and went there back when you bought rides by the ticket book (does anyone remember E tickets?) My family used to be season pass holders, but now just go 1-2 times a year when people visit us.  We went there last Tuesday, yes, Tuesday, not a Saturday or Sunday, expecting it to be crowded, but not miserably crowded. What a horrible experience. In the morning, people following the signs for Disneyland Parking were directed into the lot for Downtown Disney (near ESPN Zone) only to be told no theme park parking, then after you make a U turn the signs took you back out to Katella, then South on Harbor, to a remote lot where you wait for a shuttle bus. So plan on a 45-50 minute line to park and shuttle.  Some attractions/rides were closed all day, like trains, Tom Sawyer island, riverboat. But here's the list of rides that broke down during the day: monorail, haunted mansion, hyperspace mountain, buzz light year, and a few others I can't remember. When a ride breaks, it won't give fast passes, so you can't even get a fast pass. So, after long lines, elbow to elbow crowds as you make your way in the park, rides broken down, rubber pizza (at Rocket Pizza Port), I was done.  At the end of the day I went to Disney City Hall to voice a complaint about how bad the park has become, and this is classic, I had to wait in a line to speak to Kathy from La Habra who simply shrugged, as if saying she understood Disneyland is now a disappointment and a ripoff, but oh well. I asked for someone to contact me, but Kathy said no one would. She was right. I feel bad for those who will never get to experience Disneyland the way I did growing up, the way Walt Disney wanted it to be.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "There's not much more I can say that my fellow Yelpers haven't already said. \u00a0It's a great place with lots to do. \u00a0(Lessee, that's one, two, three...twenty two words. \u00a0Gotta say more.) \u00a0Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Pluto and many other characters can be seen in the park throughout the day. \u00a0(Twenty three, twenty four....forty five words.) \u00a0It's hard to describe Disneyland because folks either love it or they don't. \u00a0Reasons I've heard for folks not liking Disneyland is high prices, too many people, not a Disney fan, etc. \u00a0But on the plus side, it's unlike many places I've ever visited. \u00a0The workers (\"cast members\") are cheerful and helpful not to mention the plethora of rides, stores and restaurants to visit. \u00a0Having been to Disneyland a few times (I think it's around 170 times so far), I've learned a few things and would be happy to share them. \u00a0First, get a Disney Visa card, if you charge more than $50, there's a 10% discount. \u00a0Second, the parking lots open an hour before the parks do so you can get great parking by going early. \u00a0Third, crowds (even during the summer) aren't as bad early in the in the morning. \u00a0(I literally walked in to Guardians of the Galaxy at 8:30 AM with less than 10 people in front of me.) \u00a0Fourth, \"feeder rides\" ones that take more than 2 people, will have lines that tend to move faster. \u00a0(So you may wait longer to get on Snow White's Adventure than riding Small World.) \u00a0Fifth, the parade either starts at Small World and ends on Main Street or vice versa. \u00a0Usually no one goes to Small World to see the parade so your best seating will be there. \u00a0Finally, get MaxPass which will give you FastPass access (think shorter lines for rides) once you enter the park and you'll get free copies of photos taken on the rides like Splash Mountain using the Disney App (which is a free app). \u00a0Actually one more tidbit is the best places to see the fireworks is in front of Sleeping Beauty's Castle where they'll burst over the King Arthur Carousel or in front of Small World where the fireworks will burst over Fantasyland. \u00a0Have fun!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The happiest place on Earth reigns supreme when it comes to theme parks in Southern California. \u00a0It's evolving and ever changing but still magical. \u00a0From classic attractions to great parades, it's been a lifelong favorite for me.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am giving it 5 stars for the free complimentary park hopper ticket that I received on Sunday 7/7. It was not crowded, even though it was 4th of July weekend. Parked at Toy Story parking lot to avoid gridlock leaving. The weather was beautiful around 74. Met my favorite cast member at the turnstile and walked right in family of 4 for free, she had an extra complimentary ticket yaaah hooo, we are fast pass pros and we never stood in line longer than 15 minutes the whole day. With the exception of Millennial Falcon Smugglers Run, the wait time was 30-35 minutes. The crowds were light by Disneyland standards, the park and restrooms were clean, the restaurant lines were short, the Toy Story parking lot busses were on time with no wait. Paid $150 for the day which included gasoline, parking, 3 meals 1snack, and a couple of souvenirs. Not bad. I also went on 4/30 for free, that day was crowded with all of Southern California there trying to use their special ticket before May 23. Totally different experience, OMG people everywhere, looked like they opened the nursing home and brought the residents, wheelchairs everywhere competing with the f******g electric scooters and wagon strollers (glad they banned those) they need to be more stringent with the scooter rental I saw 3 teenage girls on one riding through the crowd laughing WTF. That was Disneyland trip from hell but it was free so I did not complain. Would I pay full price? absolutely not, I would get an annual pass that fit my budget and leave when it got unbearable. Tips if you do go and pay= Bring your own water bottle, share food, bring your own snacks, do not buy kids meals (share an adult meal), do not eat breakfast there, buy souvenirs in advance while on sale at your local Disney Store or online put them in a Disney gift bag and hide them in the trunk of your car when you get back to the car whip out the bag, research the day of your trip to make sure there aren't any official or non official days   that will cause extra crowds or uncomfortable moments, use fast pass always, wear comfortable shoes, take an umbrella stroller if you have kids under 10, you can throw all your crap in it and then \u00a0haul your kid on top of the crap at the end of the night without doing the whole piggybacking thing to the car. Have a great Disneyland day, just don't go after 8/18.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Not the happiest place on earth, Wallt Disney was a racist, it shows... This place is way too packed and completely unorganized", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My fondest memories are coming here since my childhood. \u00a0the magic and warmth of the staff to make everyone's experience truly unique is what makes Disney Parks stand above the rest. \u00a0I recall my 16th birthday there and being sung to by cast members. \u00a0I cherish this experience. \u00a0I hope Disneyland can reopen again soon. Perhaps in a way the one thing good that may come out of the epidemic is it will now make this park more personalized and there will be more safety standards in place. \u00a0 I am optimistic for Disney Co. \u00a0Wish upon a star! \u00a0thanks so much for the memories and here's to hoping for new ones in the future!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Paid premium ticket this weekend only to have three rides closed/malfunctioning, and not having the chance to ride Star Wars because of it being reserved out since 8am. Even my little niece was over it and it's so called the happiest place. Over priced food with the quality of a high school cafeteria. Terrible terrible and won't be back again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We can on a Friday and were prepared for a crazy crowd but it really wasn't bad at all. We got there right at 9am when it opened and this is your best bet! We were able to hit up about 6 rides in the first two hours. Also, invest the $10 in the Mobil fast pass!!!  Planning wise I would say come early and go on all the non fast pass rides while the rides are short. Then ones the crowds start coming in (around lunch) take advantage of those fast pass rides. Book a ride and go wait on another ride. The timing will be perfect. Or book rides across the park and while you walk over it will be ready.   Don't waste time finishing a spot for the parade or fireworks or water light show. Take advantage of this time while people are wasting their time and go on rides!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "In response to the unreasonable &amp; steep recent price hike, the new rates for annual passes are now really astronomical and quite impossible for a working-class family to spend the day there after paying for parking, entry, food, and a somewhat \"inexpensive\" souvenir (if you can find one) for the kids. Shame on you Disneyland! The below statement from that ass-wipe Suzi Brown is so absurd and patronizing. She must think everyone is an idiot. They're masking the astronomical price hikes as options for guests. What a crock of shit! If you want something to meet the needs of \"guests\" why don't you make it affordable for average families! I'm going to vote with my wallet and not ever go back there and encourage family, friends, and co-workers to do the same. \u00a0It just gets worse and worse every year. Disneyland greed has taken over and I don't want to line the pockets of those a**holes!  \"In addition to our continued investment in the guest experience and the expansion of our parks, our new selection of annual passes will help us manage strong demand and continue to deliver a world-class experience, while providing more choices for guests to select the pass that best meets their needs,\" said Suzi Brown, a Disneyland spokeswoman.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Every time I come here I am pleasantly surprised by all the goodies that are tucked away that I've never noticed before! Every time I come I think I've seen it all but I'm proven wrong each and every time. This is the best place to come and feel like a kid again!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Meh. It's Disneyland. There are a lot of kid options. The park is very crowded. It's a huge corporate gimmick. I would say avoid, but to each their own I suppose.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's always packed  I hate the toilet paper  Lines way tooo long even on the weekdays", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't love Disneyland . It was cold but that's ok , lines were super fast . We had the best time for on all the rides we wanted to. Did some shopping and yummy eating. They are refurbishing the castle and the orbiter which I appreciate. That's what keeps the park sparkling and new. They keep updating and remodeling. We plan to go back as soon as we can.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "i am very unhappy with disneyland right now. i bought my daughter and granddaughter 2 day tickets to disneyland for her birthday coming up 1/13. i bought thme last month. now, i am told they (so ca residents) can get them for $50 less! i am very upset! also, i learned yesterday of the construction at the park and the roller coaster being taken down. i am sure this is one reason for the discount. can i get a refund and repurchase at the lower rate? this is not a good thing! update: called disneyland tickets and they politely told me i am sc*ewed and enjoy the park!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I just wanted to express my disappointment towards your company. \u00a0We purchased 6 (again 6) tickets for the Mickeys Halloween Spooktacular. \u00a0I inadvertently \u00a0put the wrong month for the tickets and called to just change the month. \u00a0I was NOT trying to get a refund, just a date change \u00a0When calling the customer service rep told me unfortunately there isn't anything that could be done besides being out 600+ dollars for the tickets. \u00a0What are you serious!! Again I was not trying to get a refund. \u00a0She let me speak to her supervisor who was beyond rude, short, and slightly disrespectful. \u00a0I have had Disneyland season passes or the past 3 years for my entire family of 5 and pleas know I will never renew them again. \u00a0This is the worse customer service ever!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We love everything about Disneyland. Food, rides, atmosphere- all excellent. Something for everyone, even a baby center if you have an infant and need to get to a quiet space for a bit.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This was NOT the Disneyland that Walt built. \u00a0This was an overcrowded overpriced commercial venture AND NOT a magical wonderland. \u00a0Too many people to even walk from place to place, whole areas closed down to funnel people traffic.  Mind you I grew up here, went for 1st time in 1957. \u00a0Now is over $100 a day for both parks. \u00a0Last time for me here, as being pushed, jostled, feet slammed into by electric carts and strollers, and generally uncivilized people being the rule and NOT the exception.  I'll bet Walt is rolling over in his grave right now!!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Right or wrong the lack of information at the front door costed my family to be highly sad. Im not a person of money and coming here to bring my girls family from overseas to disney was a sacrifice and the main thing the little ones wanted to see was the firework shows. Sadly we found out at 7 pm it wasnt happening. I talked to a super nice disney employee and told to go to city hall to explain the issue, maybee they could of helped and provided me with a small discount or more info on it. I never felt so disrespected by this lady that got so smart smirking telling me well.....next time you should check right! We wont do anything or help you with nothing, implying i was asking something for free. Proceeded to laugh about it with another coworker and took 3 of them back in the curtain to clearly talk negative about me asking a simple question to my problem. She wasnt helpful, actually felt like i didnt get a fair treatment cause i dont look American. The way this woman handled this issue was really poor. I thought very high of disney costumer service and i hope someone can get back to me with these concerns. One family walks away disappointed tonight and my nieces of 6 and 12 aren't happy at all.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This Is My Happiest Place On Earth With The Addition To California Adventure... Make'n It More Happier", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I don't like the lines but love Disneyland. My favorite place to go. Christmas is so beautifully celebrated. Cannot wait to go again.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Went for Rise of the Resistance. Upon arrival, after paying for parking, signs at the ticket booth read the ride is booked for the whole day. Upset, we got tickets to come back within 2 years. Basically, we were told that we are not very smart. We should have downloaded their APP and booked the ride at opening. Apparently people get there at 5am. On Disney website this suggestion is not made. We were also told that $25 parking would not be refunded, by 2 different customer service agents. We tried anyway, and the booth attendant said within 2 hours, and gave us money back. Customer service on phone said my feedback would be taken into consideration. But per other reviews, this is not true. They just want to wave a new ride in your face, get you there to spend money, then say you can't ride. She also said I couldn't get parking $ back. But I already did. LIAR.  \u00a0We drove 3 hours, spent money for gas and hotel. Shame on Disney. There is no reason to let customers know that rise/Resistance may be booked.  \u00a0We will visit the park one last time with these tickets. After that, never again. And I've already cancelled Disney +. Oh, also 3 other employees who were off to the side listening to us complain, approached us afterwards. They agreed and started bashing Disney and their tactics. That says it all.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is still great fun even though its so crowded. \u00a0My daughter truly enjoys every moment while she is there. \u00a0Disneyland is as magical as it was 20 years ago for me. \u00a0we love it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Born and raised in OC gatta love Disneyland live so near that I can see the fireworks from my house don't mind the traffic and the tourist almost makes me feel like I'm a tourist myself!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "1. Way overpriced. You spend about 80% of the time waiting in line.  2. Some rides are not suitable for young kids. Beware.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What's not to love about this Southern California classic? I've been coming to Disneyland since I was a toddler. It's sort of a staple if you grow up in SoCal to come here frequently. Over the years no exception has been made to that ideal, as I am still an Annual Passholder over 30 years from my very first visit.   I miss Disneyland immensely and have throughout the pandemic. I hope to return soon.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Raul from lackland Texas was very rude to my family. As he let others in the front pos but for some rude reason did not let us. I don't know the reason but it ruined my time at Disney. This guy needs to be reviewed ....ASAP (Monorail system driver)", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I've never been to Disneyland and I took a Uber a bus and two trains and rented a bird scooter just find out my gps took me to a Disney store inside the mall. Sad day", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland 5 stars. Security 1 star. Terrible security first day no one checked our bag so you know its all pretend waste of time. They need better security check. Second day they checked our bags and told us selfie sticks are not allowed so my husband went and hid it somewhere outside in a bush. They tell him they will send security outside in the bus stop to find it and throw it in the garbage. That is just to be rude. Plain simple rude, put more notice if selfie stick is not allowed. People don't necessarily have to take a bus or car to see the posters on there. Also its outside whats your problem do you make extra money selling them have a place to drop off and pick up. A bucket instead of sending security to find a hidden self stick somewhere in the garbage or bush. We visit disneyland often and there is nothing magical about rude behavior.Security needs change.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love Disneyland! Not sure there's ever anything anyone could say bad about it! Always a fun time, the staff is \u00a0always so friendly and the food is always delicious! We love visiting the park!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Park didn't handle the power outage well. Fast pass was confusing. Kids were upset because they were stuck on the ride and didn't want to go on another one.Employees did not explain the situation well. Found more answers in the news", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I went to Disneyland on \u00a0Wednesday, April 18 and was having a great time with my friend. We are both guys. I saw a couple of Storm Troopers posing with some girls. I asked them if my friend and I could pose with them and they completely ignored us. I love Star Wars and having my picture taken with Storm Troopers would have made my day. \u00a0Being ignored in front of all those people ruined my whole day. They were obviously both homophobic.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Main Street will always have a special place in my heart :) whether I am spending the day or just a couple hours, I always enjoy walking around the park. The food is amazing, the attractions are fun and I always have a smile on my face", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My ultimate happy place. I'm a AP holder and enjoy my visits to relax, goof off and get away from reality", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Went to Disneyland/California Adventure on 7/11/18-7/13/18. \u00a0We paid $1087 (and that was with a 10% conference discount) for four, 3 day passes. 2 adults and 2 kids. When we got into Disneyland, The Monorail wasn't running 'because of heat'. It was 90 degrees out. Waited 30 minutes for the Peter Pan ride before it broke down and we couldnt get on. Then waited 40 mins for Space Mountain that also broke down and we couldn't ride it. \u00a0The Carousel was broken so my 3 year old could not ride that either. You know what wasn't broken though? The $4 bottles of water or the $12.95 teriyaki chicken bowls. We went over to California Adventure because my daughter wanted to ride the little bumper cars, imagine my surprise when we were told that they weren't running either. \u00a0The parks were completely full of paying customers but some of the largest attractions were 'out of order'. \u00a0Seems like a pretty shady 'Bait and Switch' as no one was told the rides weren't operational and we paid more than $100 per person per day just to walk through the front gates, another $65 for a crappy lunch for the family of four and $70 for dinner of hotdogs and fries. They have changed the 'FastPass' so you can only get one pass at a time until you use it, BUT for $10 more per ticket, you can get more fast passes if you pay them more than you already have. I have been going to Disneyland since 1977, at least 20 times and we have been there most recently 2 years ago but this time, it felt like we were getting scammed by Mickey and Minnie. \u00a0A word of warning, you get less there for more $ than ever before. We spent more time in lines than we ever have and the fun factor was greatly diminished by the blatant profit grab Disney is currently on. \u00a0Go somewhere else if you have been there recently, they simply renamed old rides and they are advertising them as 'new' but they are not new at all. \u00a0New paint and a new name doesn't not equal a new attraction. \u00a0Save your money! \u00a0Trust me you will regret the effort and expense it takes to get there to stand in their 'queue' as they call it. They are even using word tricks like calling a line a 'queue'. \u00a0Maybe they will get the point if we all spend our hard earned money elsewhere rather than flushing it into Disney's pockets.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is amazing. It is full of historic attractions and fun for all ages. If you hate walking, being around people, or waiting in lines then don't come here. If you are nice, love Disney, forgetting about your bills, and patient then you will have a blast! Its always best to go to the Disney after dark events - lines are shorter, less kids (sorry parents), and cooler temperatures!   I just wish Disney bought more property to make another park or expand more for attractions and experiences.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My students pay ridiculous amounts of money and get treated rudely, mysteriously kept off rides for a host of made up reasons and yet others are still in line! I don't understand and I'm starting to get angry and suspicious. Five consecutive rides closed?! This is not worth all the money people waste here! I'm not renewing my pass. I suspect they want us all walking around spending money (we don't have any) otherwise other people wouldn't still be on visibly operational attractions!!! I'm over this money pit! Ness is rude at Thunder Mountain and the three in front of closed Haunted Mansion, Pirates and Matterhorn were NO better!! What a huge rip off for my students who probably won't be able to come here for many years, if at all. Many are here for the first time. Shameful service.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Just asked the ticket counter if, since we have 2 days left on our 3 day California passes, we could use up 2 days in 1 by going to both parks. They scowled at me and just said \"no you need a park hopper pass, do you want to upgrade?\" Guess these tickets have no flexibility at all.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Came back again Christmas Eve and this time got my FLEX pass! Where are all my Disney Season Passholders at??  It seemed like a good investment! Disney really is a happy and magical place! I love it so much.  They are killing it with all the photographers, max pass, new Star Wars Land is pretty sick.   I love the Storm Troopers walking around and harassing everyone!   Nothing is as festive for the length of time as Christmas at Disney!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Other than one small snafu we had a great experience at the park.   [SNAFU] As soon as we entered we headed to City Hall to get a Disability Access Service pass (this allows guests with a disability to get a return time at rides). Martha stood in line while I went with my ECV (Electric Convenience Vehicle) aka electric scooter to wait on the side because it would be to hard to navigate through the line what with the chains. I knew there had to be another way in other than the steps so I asked a cast member where was the handicap access ramp where upon he pointed to the right side of the City Hall bldg, he even said both me and my wife could enter through there. So I had Martha exit the line and follow me. BUT we were told inside City Hall that wasn't the case by the cast member. I made it clear that was not what the cast member outside had said and was more than willing to take him outside to talk to the other cast member because I wasn't ready to have my wife go to the back of the line outside. Luckily he relented and the lady that helped us with the DAS was great with customer service.  [HANDICAP ACCESSIBILITY] - Head straight to City Hall and pick up a DAS depending on your disability. Have one person stand in line if you are not able to. - If you are using an ECV sometimes you might have to park your vehicle next to the strollers and walk a short distance in while other times you are able to ride it really close by to where you board the attraction.  - Do not be alarmed if your ECV is not in the exact spot where you parked it. Cast members are pros when it comes to moving around ECVs and actually make it easier to get out after the ride depending on busy it is!!  - if you are using an ECV one rule is to ALWAYS REMEMBER TO TAKE THE KEY WITH YOU!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am in Disneyland California right now and I feel that I was con or RIP-off, the rides I like to get on are down indefinitely, splash mountain, haunted house, pirates of the Caribbean and many more. They keep us on line for almost two hours and then have us turn around with out even giving us the courtesy of at least offering a fast pass for a nother ride. Rise of resistance \u00a0all the bording passes are no more wtf. I paid $139 plus tax for \u00a0four people and $132 plus tax for a child. \u00a0This supposed \u00a0to be the happiest place \u00a0on earth. \u00a0Just saying if I paid that much to get in, would like to have Disneyland \u00a0experience or the tickets should not be that much or at least tell customers before getting in. \u00a0You go to McDonald, pay full price for a Big mac combo and they just give you fries and soda. \u00a0You be mad as hell. \u00a0Thats how I feel right now. \u00a0When Disneyland \u00a0does this to any other people do you feel like I feel? .", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can I say. Disneyland is always a great time. We went on a Thursday so the wait for rides were only 20 to 30 minutes. \u00a0If you have a little girl who likes princesses that's probably the first place you want to go visit. Over by the castle there's an area to meet the princesses now. And then next head over to pixie hollow to meet Tinker Bell.  By late afternoon though the power on my phone was getting low because of all the pictures I was taking. I did find a Starbucks on Main Street that had a outlet in the waiting area so I can plug-in and recharge my phone. Otherwise my understanding is you have to go to the rent locker area to pay to charge your phone.  If you want to eat at the blue Bayou you have to make sure you make reservations ahead of time.  That's all the tips I have right now. But will be back again and learn more tips for Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love having the Annual pass! It's very convenient when you just want to spend a couple hours here and not get tired of being here the whole day! I love Disneyland!!! I've never had a problem with anything. I will keep coming till I'm tired of it (which is probably never) :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "One of my favorite places in the world! I've been coming to Disneyland since I was a little '90s baby, and a lot has changed since then. Below are some of my tips from my most recent Disney adventure:  1) Get there early (ideally, before opening): the park opens at 8 AM on the weekends. You can line up next to the gates and be one of the first people in the park. The park doesn't get too crowded until maybe 10 - 11 AM, so that gives you a few hours to really take advantage of the shortest lines.  2) Neighborhood parking? Not really, unless you want to walk over a mile to get to the park. I hate to pay for parking as much as anyone, but if I'm going to be spending the whole day at Disneyland, the last thing I'm going to want to do is walk 30-minutes back to my car at night. Parking is $25 (as of 2019) and there are in-and-out privileges. I prefer the Mickey &amp; Friends parking structure vs. the Toy Story lot because it is closer to the park (1 mile vs 2 miles).  3) Take advantage of Fast Pass: the rule of thumb should be to always have a Fast Pass in possession. There is no penalty if you don't end up using your Fast Pass. You can also have two Fast Passes at one time. When you get your first Fast Pass, pay attention to the time stamped at the bottom of the ticket. When that time eclipses, you may get your second Fast Pass, regardless if you already used your first one or not.  4) Bring your own food and drink: I know there is contradicting information about this online, but you CAN bring your own food and drinks (just not in glass containers and no alcoholic beverages, obviously). So yes, that means you can even bring full meals into the park. You are not limited to just snacks.  5) The best place to watch the fireworks is along Main Street: watch the nightly fireworks show along Main Street USA to get the full-effect! They shoot projections onto the buildings synced to the music and fireworks.  Happy travels!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland never disappoints. There are things for everyone in the family. Thrill rides, characters, entertainment and the food is legendary. The castmembers also go out of their way to make the day magical. As far as food goes, the churros, dole whip, chimichangas, and beignets are phenomenal. Fantasmic! Was a great show, the first time I had seen it, and I can't wait to go back and see it again.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "EVERYTHING CLOSED!!!! Small world, Jungle Cruise! Peter Pan!! Monster Inc! All closed !! Disneyland raises their prices and can not afford enough staff to keep these rides open?!? WTF. No excuses for this! Disneyland had become the biggest ripoff!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Of course if I could give more stars I would!! Loved coming here all my life. Loved working here and now I love bringing my child here. There are so many good memories for my family and I.  My secret for being an AP holder is to collect cans and bottles to pay for your monthly payment. You drink water, soda etc anyways. Use the money to treat yourself to fun. Also RTA offers a commuter link bus for cheap. You can take the bus and skip the parking fee.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Unbelievable  I've been coming to Disneyland since I was a small boy and today I'm here with my children.. Service is horrible the Attendants were very very rude! They Seemed to forget that they work in Disneyland and that it's supposed to be the happiest place on earth!  Unbelievable!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Literally the Happiest place on earth! Customer service is beyond amazing and super helpful. Everyone knew what was going on and took time to help you with any need. Attractions were very clean and wait times were accurate and super short. LOVED IT!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Horrible! My spouse and I spent $234 to get into the park and we only rode three rides. We waited in line 1.5 hours for two rides that broke down and where no one bothered to make an announcement! Truly terrible and will never ever ever come here again! Overpriced, the staff is rude, and it's really the UNhappiest place on earth!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I bought an annual pass for my myself, girlfriend and friend. \u00a0After several months of payments my credit was hacked and my bank canceled the card. Disney locked our accounts. \u00a0 2 hour wait in line at the park, decided to pay off the balance completely which was verified multiple times as \"paid off.\" \u00a0We all entered the parks without problems for the day.  Next visit same issue, again 2 hour wait ticket line because we couldn't get in. They said 87 dollars did not go through.  Next visit again same issue. I was frustrated and their employees were extremely rude and not once apologized but said \"we are private property. All payments are not refundable. We do not need to let you into the park even if you paid.\" \u00a0 Their employee lied and made up stories saying I was using foul language and such. The manager did nothing but supported her employee and kept threatening my group. The incident lasted another hour.  We paid CASH. The clerk threw the money back in my face. Then lied to his manager. The manager settled the situation. However, they REFUSED to print a receipt confirming balance paid off.  Our experiences were horrendous. My friends and family will not be returning.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place will always be the happiest place on Earth to me and now with everything going on the world needs a little happiness now. Even if it is at a limited basis but we still need something.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So, I am not one to complain a lot, but today we took all our kids to Disney Land. My little 5 year old was so excited this being her first time going. Well let me be blunt. Disney Land sucks! I'm serious I have never seen anything like this! So we get there, and 5 of the best rides are closed. The best ones for kids like Pirates Of The Caribbean, and many others. ALL the lines to every ride were 45 to 1 hour wait even with the lame fast pass because I guess when it's busy, it does not work right. So Ava did not even meet 1 princess the whole time because again to meet a princess, there is an hour to \u00a0an hour and a half wait. None of the restaurants took reservations and said they were all full. All the Disney Staff would say was that they were \"short handed\". So I go to guest relations and speak to a supervisor. Btw, I was in line for this bullshit for 90 minutes only for them to tell me there was nothing they could do except give us tickets for another time. I asked the supervisor if he would pay for my airfare and villa accommodations also. Of course they said no which obviously I knew and expected. I will never go back to Disney Land ever again. It sure has changed for the worse and it's sad. They don't care if my little 5 year old only was able to go in 4 rides the whole day. I'm so pissed right now and very disappointed. Again, yes i am seriously pissed and can't believe the customer service here. Terrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We will just be hanging at the beach which is way better anyhow.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My husband and I had such a blast at Disneyland! I visited Disneyworld as a kid, but had never been to Disneyland, and it was such an amazing day. What a memorable experience, it brought me back to childhood!   This is a BIG park so here are my tips:  1) GO EARLY. Get there an hour before the park opens to have ample time to park, and get over to the park. There is a shuttle tram that takes you there. 2) BRING SNACKS. You will have to do a lot of waiting on ride lines, so bring bars, and whatever snacks so you don't loose you mind.  3) FAST PASS. This is a MUST. Sign up for your favorite rides on fast pass as soon as you get to the park so that you can go back when it's your time. Much more enjoyable way to experience the park.  4) WEAR SNEAKERS. Or any comfortable shoes for that matter. It's a LOT of walking!   Here are my favorite rides:  1) Hyperspace Mountain. We went when it was Star Wars themed. Really cool effects, and you ride in the dark, thus making it 10x scarier. I hate rollercosters and this was scary to me, BUT it was a blast.  2) Indiana Jones Adventure. This is MUST do, so much fun.  3) Matterhorn Bobsleds. Super fun racing through the mountain.  4) Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. A classic, must do.  5) Splash Mountain. Another classic. You get wet. \u00a0  There is so much to see and do in Disney, we stayed until 10pm. We went on Thanksgiving and there was a parade and light show at the castle, and it was AMAZING. Must do when visiting Southern California. Although busy, I recommend visiting during the holidays.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I brought my family to Disneyland for the 2nd time. We had a blast. Drove 6 hrs, and it was definitely worth the drive. Hope to be back soon. Disneyland is fun for the whole family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Sure, I can be a negative Nancy. SURE, I probably have a lot more days were I am pessimistic over optimism. SUUUUUUUUUUUURE, being around an over abundance of people may make me want hide away in a hole for an extensive amount of time to potentially recover from a type of PTSD of sorts. However, when it comes to Disneyland, you have a slew of things to do and look at to forget all these things. Turn that frown upside down and head into one of the Happiest Places on Earth!!!1! (Prices vary on theme park selection)  The last time I came here I was 10 years old and it was 1998 (20 Years ago). To give you some perspective: Britney Spears stole our hearts, Microsoft became the biggest company in the world with Windows 98, we all watched Godzilla, Saving Private Ryan, and Armageddon in theaters. Buffy the Vampire Slayer was all the rage. Furbies were our pets. Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets came out. Google was founded (Yea, THAT Google). Lastly, good ol' Frank Sinatra died (RIP). So yes, you could say it was a minute since I've been here. Heck, they were LEVELING ground for what would be California Adventure.  ANYWHO, this place is honestly exactly how I remembered it. Mickey's Toontown is still Goofy as it will ever be (See what I did there?). The Castle is as majestic and beautiful as it will ever be. The rides all have their own wait times but fastpass is a Godsend. THE FOOD is so darn good, but expensive AF (still worth it).  Overall: For nostalgias sake or as a newcomer, you will absolutely adore mostly everything Disneyland has to offer, especially if you are a fan and grew up with the films. Get your Mickey Mouse ears on and plan your day as best as you can.   Lastly, go to Tomorrowland first -- Star Tours first (You're welcome)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is nothing short of the biggest money sink parents will ever come across in the raising of their children. You can see it on the faces of the parents at the park and in the conversations of passersby. And anyone ignorant enough to be fooled by \"nostalgia at the cost of 3 paychecks\" seriously needs their heads examined.   First of all, Disneyland used to allow Southern California residents a fairly reasonable deal on the park. Why? Because they lived down the street and would frequent restaurants and local attractions more often. The deals are gone mainly due to Warehouse stores selling the \"Southern California \"package out of state.   No one checks at the gate if you are a SoCal resident when you bring in a Costco voucher. So now, there are 4-5 different \"packages\". Some have blackout dates, some have no weekends, some don't pay for both parks, etc. You seriously have to stand there and do a cost/benefit analysis to determine which package is right for you. BTW, there are no signs up explaining any of this. they make you wait in line for an hour to get a pass and then hit you with all the info...most people are like \"JESUS!! Aww hell we waited this long, might as well get hammered....\" Not this cowboy. After all the info, we walked. the lady behind the counter was shocked.  Suffice to say, your average 2 day pass (to only 1 park) for a family of 4 (assuming 2 children are under 9) will cost well over $1000.00. That's just for entrance! Take into account jacked up food costs, souvenirs, drinks, etc and it just snowballs into fiscal hell.  I'm a SoCal resident and I walked away from the park. Close to 700 dollars for the Cheapest SoCal resident package (for 2 people). Parking not included. Can't go on weekends. I could enter the park that day, but could not return ANY DAY until September.   Are these people smoking crack?  And that was the BEST deal! LMAO. I paid the 17 dollars for parking and decided to drive the 15 min back home. My wife and I both have 6 figure incomes and we were still blown away!  The area is cool. But for 700 dollars, it's certainly NOT worth it. There are thousands of other things to do in LA/Orange County that are available. 700 dollars could get you through a whole summer of different events, places, etc. Not worth the 3-4 hour lines to ride on a mechanical clunker from the 1960's and then pay out of pocket 37 dollars for a 14 inch pizza.   My advice is to take your money elsewhere and let Disney suck the life out of all the Chinese tourists that are all taking pics and measurements so they can open their own copy in Hong Kong....maybe that one will be cheaper to visit!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Never in a million years did I think I was gonna have to give Disneyland ONE star!! my MACLAREN double stroller was stolen on 3/6/17 right outside the buzz light year Astro blaster ride at around 8:20pm or so we were seriously gone for about 20 mins and there were so many more strollers around the manager Jennaca couldn't do anything about it according to her there was no cameras around there which I know that's a lie there's cameras everywhere! She couldn't even refund our money we paid to get in to at least get us by for another stroller since we traveled from Chicago and she didn't even seem to care that we still had one more day to enjoy in California and how the heck were we gonna get around and in the airport without a stroller with a 3 year old and a baby??? And to top it off we asked if we can get rentals just to get out the park she said she couldn't do that either.she was just rude. So people with nice strollers or any kind of strollers next time take locks because apparently there's thiefs inside Disneyland park. Very sad and mad this happened to us but for sure we won't be coming back to Ghetto Disneyland not even in the free zoo of Chicago we've experienced anything like that! Worst experience ever.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Best place ever I love Disneyland it has awesome food and my favorite characters is dumbo and Marie and I love every ride", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER at a Disney resort!!! We've been here many times and were on their cruise and Disney World in Orlando. It was my daughter's birthday, so I decided to treat her to Disneyland as she has wished. I didn't mind the extra wait at the front gate to be searched and to go through the metal detector. After all, we are living in different times after the terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino. But I knew it was a bad sign when after waiting 60 minutes in line for Hyper Space Mountain, we were told that the ride has broken down. By that time, even the Fast Pass has run out. They simply let way too many people into the park. It was so crowded that we kept bumping into people and being run over by strollers and scooters everywhere we went. The lines for all the rides were 60 minutes long in average, and the more popular ones were 90 to 120 minutes long. To sum it up, we were only able to get on 4 rides the whole day. For $99 per person, that was ridiculous! I don't think it was what Walt Disney had envisioned when he opened the park. People were being herded like cattle throughout the day whenever there was a parade. Then it began to rain, we were soaked and sought shelter under the awnings at the Main Street to dry up a little. But the \"cast members\" kept yelling at us and the others to keep moving. I tried to explain to them that the children were wet and we would like to stay out of the rain for a little while. The cast members were unsympathetic and insisted that we move. I asked for a supervisor and they threatened us with security. So we left the park. To make matters worse, there were lines waiting for the tram to take us back to the parking structure. We waited for at least 30 minutes and had to sit in seats that were filled with puddles of water. I thought the hospitality at anything Disney was first class. They even host classes for corporations to teach them about customer service. But I feel that they had become too greedy and let too many people into the park. They didn't know how to maintain the level of customer service they are renowned for when the weather changed. It was definitely not the happiest place on earth for me, my daughter and her best friend. For the amount of money we spent, we could have gotten better entertainment and treatment elsewhere. I'm afraid that I will join the many Angelenos and OC residents that I know not to ever set foot on Disneyland again. Leave this place to visitors from foreign countries and out-of-towers, as they don't know better. Disney have lost another local customer.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney, ah if I could live here, I would. So much fun and filled of dreams come true. I highly recommend purchasing a fast pass. They are only $15! You can upload your fast pass and tickets through app, for reassurance/comfort of knowing you won't loose it. With out fast passes you get to download all your photos on the rides and beat the wait. Totally worth every penny. Not only do I come for rides, but I come for the food. It's almost like the fair, when you walk in and smell the popcorn/churro affair. My finance and I went, us alone. Our daughter is 6 months, as soon as she is able to enjoy everything we are heading back west to Disney! If Disneyland is this magical I can only imagine Disney World... but that's for another review and extra thousand later...(all worth it)!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Was told by cast member in fast pass line of it's a small world you don't get instant access on fast pass line when slow. We had to wait for regular line when we had fast pass. She had to stop us with a hand up to let people in regular line that hadn't gotten to the merge line, when we have a child in a car seat. Would have been on the ride sooner if we didn't waste $10 a person for fastpass   Max pass is a waste. Spent $30 and it was faster to just wait in the fast pass line for it. You have to link and add cc in the park. Buyer beware! Wish I knew  Update: employees can't handle new fast passes.  People walk up and don't have fastpass ready and employees don't tell them how or get them to move off to side.  Was told by cast member in fast pass line of it's a small world you don't get instant access on fast pass line  No coolers or large strollers come May 1st 2019.   Cancelled my passes for next year", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is enjoyed by people of all ages especially the young at heart with the annual pass. \u00a0There is something for everyone. \u00a0I live about 20 minutes away but have not really frequent the park. \u00a0Maybe because I have no patience to wait in those long lines. \u00a0But on this most recent visit, we purchased a Fast pass which is the best thing ever. \u00a0It will get you to the front of the line in a breeze. \u00a0  As soon as you walk through the gates at Disneyland, you \u00a0are immersed into what we all know as the happiest place on earth. \u00a0You will instantly feel the urge to put on those mouse ears. \u00a0Then hop on the \"It's a small world\" ride. \u00a0One of the best and favorite rides of all time.   The food options are pricey. \u00a0But, one thing you must have is the turkey leg. \u00a0Its so tasty and big enough to share. \u00a0Top off your day with some dole whip. \u00a0They do allow re-entry so hop on the monorail for more eateries at Downtown Disney. \u00a0Your annual pass discount is honored at most of the restaurants. \u00a0  The park is so festive during the Christmas season. \u00a0For that reason, it's much more crowded. \u00a0Everyone is visiting to see the giant Christmas tree and holiday fireworks spectacular. \u00a0It truly gets you into the holiday spirit! \u00a0Tickets are beyond expensive but it's worth the fun times. \u00a0Bring your patience to conquer the crowds and parking.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "That was fun i guess... it cost a bunch of money and had fun things to do but I waited in line like 99% of the time I was there.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I was EXTREMELY disappointed with my Disneyland experience today (10/08). First, \u00a0the lines were unbelievable! 70+ minutes for most rides. We didn't arrive at the park after our flights until noon. \u00a0By that time, many fast-passes were all gone for the day. \u00a0We wanted to eat something quick in California Adventure so we could wait in lines...but every place we stopped at had run out of fast food (hot dogs, chimis, turkey legs, etc.). \u00a0...as if you were forcing us to pay for a large meal we did not want :( \u00a0In addition, you ran out of margaritas! \u00a0 Our one and only fast pass we could get was for thunder mountain. \u00a0We got there on time at 9:50 pm...and the ride broke 1 minute later for the remainder of the night. \u00a0We had hoped the cast member we spoke with would have given us a fast pass to another ride...but that was 'not possible' (even though we talked with other guests who were able to get a substitute pass). \u00a0Clearly unprepared for the crowd. \u00a0Very disappointed in my Disney experience.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So I love Disneyland. Have been going there since I was a child. BUT recently they have gotten really intense about their security. I understand it is necessary, but it is the way they CONDUCT it is wrong. I went on President's day and was SUPER disappointed. The guy took all our stuff out (which is fine) but half of it fell on the floor (NOT fine)! He did not even apologize or help us pick it up!!! He was so rude! Then we had to go through a metal detector to make it even worse. I saw them harassing others the same way too. Their security is necessary yes, but they need to seriously train them on how to be decent people while they are doing it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disneyland. The lines are super long &amp; everything is expensive but what do you expect from happiest place on earth. The CA Disney Passport is reasonable and worth it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Umm Disney at Christmas... been there done that no thank you! The crowds, the lines, blah blah blah. Okay I said that after doing Disneyland 6 years ago during the holidays but it just sucked me back in again and I love every bit of it. I could sit and complain about the cost of tickets and food, the crowds, heck I could take off some stars for those things BUT i really need go say how much I love this place. The detail in decoration, the haunted mansion during this time, the Christmas parade, the color themed fireworks... all of it is worth the experience! Oh and during Halloween just as wonderful! This particular visit we got lucky and didn't wait more than 20 mins for any ride. Splash mountain, pirates, space mountain, dumbo, buzz, all -20 mins. Mind you we went on a Wednesday but it was literally the week before Christmas. I have heard the day after Christmas is the busiest day of the year but I think it's just luck of the draw. We usually get to use fast passes but we didn't show up til 6:00 that evening so that would've taken too much time. I didn't experience any festive snacks this go around but can always say anything we get there is perfect. I usually get a customary pickle(hey it helps the line wait go by faster) a frozen lemonade, a churro, and a Caramel apple! My biggest tip is make sure you have the money rollin or you plan ahead some Disney hacks because Disneyland is not for budgeting and those prices don't just stop at the ticket booth lol but In my opinion it's worth every penny every time! You are able to bring in backpacks full of water and snacks so definitely plan to and bring some things to last throughout your day, even with the customary snacks you won't be able to deny you do plenty of walking and those $4 waters add up. Also a Disney hack: you can ask for a cup of water and most of the restaurants have cups you can bring with you as well free of charge.  Love me some Disneyland and will return as long as I am able!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love love Disney and just about everything Disney!!  I'm sure most of you have been here at least once. \u00a0If not, you better get yourselves here soon!  There are just infinity number of fun rides and my favorite...the Car ride. \u00a0Vroom vroom yes!  So get yourselves a ticket or a pass, and ready to enjoy fun rides!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is suppose to be the happiest place on earth yet happiness for me at Disney land is probably the minute I leave! $125 per person for starters is absurd and disgusting. Don't forget about $20 parking charge on top of that bill.   Being a local in California, \u00a0I just can think of a million other things I'd rather do than come here and spend $125 per person. I took my gf here since I know she enjoys it once every 5 years) she had fun, I had fun very sporadically. Indiana jones ride was a new thing for me and did enjoy it very much. The ghost ride is fun too, \u00a0The rest of the rides, bleh!   The crowds are over whelming and so are the lines. I suggest you come here as Gimp to avoid lines. Knee brace, neck brace. You can check in to handicap lines to avoid 1 hour lines per rides or waste more money on a fast pass?  The food is gross and expensive.   If their prices weren't so insane, I would perhaps have a better outlook! How are family suppose to afford coming here with 2-4 kids? That's like a trip to Hawaii.  This is a place for children mostly. It's cute and all but at $125 a pop it's not that cute!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What happened to Disney walk???? The place looks like a ghetto shopping center. \u00a0The restaurants are all gone replaced with some terrible ones. \u00a0So very disappointed I took a newbie to Disney walk and spent 30 minutes shopping in the only good store the Disney store", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Busy lines Over priced food 12 hours long day to see less than six rides..... on the way back to parking lot more wait as no trans.... Disney is not fun anymore .... fast pass also takes long time as many folks r there to visit and it's too crowded.....", "rating": 1}, {"text": "And this is supposed to be the happiest place on earth? WTF!  I would be happy to spend 60.00 on one ticket or 90.00 on something called a park hopper ticket, which allows you to go to Disney's version of Universal Studios. \u00a0  I would be happy to spend a hour in line just to get on a ride that lasts about a minute.  I would be happy to spend 3.00 on bottled water or 1.75 for an apple, or 9.00 for a hot dog, chips and a soda.  Happiest place on earth my ASS!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Warning: big Disney lover, at your service. It was really good except the people in the costumes scared me. Also I was too short for all the rides.   M\u00facho churros \u00a0Haha  - Ronnie (disneylover)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I had Julian Rodriguez help me i believe his name tag is Julez from Fullerton. I had questions and I stopped him while i was walking through the park and he was so awesome and patient with me and had a smile on his face the whole time. I asked for his name so i can do a yelp review because he deserved it. Kuddos to Julian aka Julez for being a great human!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is my family's favorite place to go. We have annual passes and come frequently. The parks are well kept and look awesome during the holidays. My favorite thing to do here is eat all the different foods such as the Plaza Inn fried chicken, gumbo from Cafe Orleans, burgers at Hungry Bear, and breakfast at Carnation on Main Street. My kids love going on the rides and watching shows and the fireworks.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Way to go disney bag check. Spilled my babies special food formula. And guess what you guys dont sell it in the baby center. Thanks alot", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland don't get me wrong.   Today I had a bad experience with multiple people on the phone I have an annual pass I knew that the 19th was the last day i could go since I was planning a trip with my friend since the middle of November. I checked the black out day calendar last weekend as well as this weekend on my computer on my phone. My fiance and my son were planning on going up on the 19th (today) and we were going to take my son out of school to go.   Let me start off by saying I am a planner especially when it involves my son missing school. So to my surprise the black out date changes so after my fiance drove up to Disneyland it took him 3 hours he was not allowed to enter the park because they stated it was a black out date I checked today and it was. However, when I checked on Saturday night the 19th was available when I checked Sunday the 19th was available. Than the lady I spoke to on the phone stated that it was not their fault that I thought we were able to come up there. I explained to her I was going to take my son out of school, but he had to be there so I got my mom to pick him up and had 2 more back ups just in case something came up. Does this sound like someone who wouldn't make sure that \u00a0my fiance could actually get in the park?  She was very rude and extremely unhelpful and I am incredibly disappointed in Disneyland for the customer service that was provided. And now my fiance who just drove 3 hours has to turn around and drive back home. I check triple checked and I made sure since I was considering taking my son out of school. So now my fiance will not have the opportunity to ride the Tower of Terror since it closes on Jan 2 and the pass that we have can't be used again until Jan 3rd.   So some advice make sure to check everyday the blackout calendar if you have blackout dates because the customer service at Disneyland is not helpful they are downright rude and condescending. I would hate to see someone else go through the same experience we just went though.  Like I said before I love Disneyland Park the lines suck and they are expensive but that is to be expected. However I did not expect to be treated so poorly from someone in customer service (guest relations I think) at the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The best....  I love this place....  Come and live the experience!!!!  For adults and babies is the best!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's not right that you drive to Disneyland early and you are required to park at an off site parking. We should get the priority to park near downtown Disney! This is downright stupid! Not renewing my annual membership because of this.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Usually really enjoy my visits but yesterday was a bust. \u00a0Arriving at 10 and I learnt that Mickey and Friends parking was closed and so was Downtown Disney lot? \u00a0 \u00a0Although I have since learned that Mickey &amp; friends had floors of spaces available and Downtown Disney had open rows? \u00a0  Where did they park us? \u00a0GARDEN WALK? \u00a0There were no signs as where to go to get to a shuttle on the way there or back. \u00a0Very disappointing. \u00a0Is there a way to opt out of a parking structure?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "There is nothing more incomprehensible than having your kids BEG you not to return; that was what my kids were doing after the first day (we had a 2 day pass). My kids are younger (at 3 and 5) and my expectations were pretty simple: see their favorite characters suited up and take photos, maybe a ride or two and join the festivities.  Instead, we had to deal with the hoards of people that made it so hard to move around that even the simple amenities were not accessible: food, water and the thing that still kills me is the 45 minute wait to use the rest room; try telling a 5 year old to hold it in. He didn't.   Now I can understand paying stupid amounts of money for crap food - every theme park will charge $6+ for a hot dog - but making you wait up to an hour to get ripped off just adds to the anxiety of the day. We _could_ not find a line for stall food any less than 30 minutes. The restaurants were booked for 3 days straight and we spent more time pushing our way through the crowds than actually doing anything.  We went during the Christmas period and as such we had capacity crowds - they were waiting for people to leave before letting more in. I could not fathom how much money they make but at the expense of irate customers - i will never go back to this place. I suggest that if you have young kids, to STAY AWAY. It's not worth the money and there are much better places that your kids will enjoy.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "They screwed me over StarWars land. \u00a0YOU GUYS SUCK!!!! \u00a0did not get to go to the Cantina or get a light saber cause your staff did not tell me what line to get into. \u00a0I stayed at the old Disney hotel which sucks cause that damn monorail always is BROKEN!!!!  \u00a0  SUCK, Suck SUCK!!!! just like the price", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Robbed at gunpoint and had my wallet stolen which had both my driver's license, credit card and disneyland year pass in it. \u00a0I had 1 month left on my membership &amp; contacted them asking if they could just cancel my membership since there was no way for me to get in the Disneyland Resort park (Year pass was stolen, and to get a new year pass you need an ID, but that was stolen as well. \u00a0It took over 5 weeks to get a new ID)  Disneyland customer service said \"no\" and didn't give any alternative route for me to get into the park.  Also it's overpriced and the smell of dirty diapers and crying kids is not my idea of fun  If you have kids, it's great! \u00a0or if you're injured and can get a \"golden ticket\" to get in front of the line, it's awesome! \u00a0otherwise the lines sucks", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on Earth! Love, love everything about Disney.  You come here, you become a kid all over again. Got to experience both parks in one day, came on a weekday thinking it's gonna be less crowded. But I think Disneyland is always crowded just more crowded on weekends and holidays. Great for the entire fam, get ready to spend lots of money, cause everything is expensive.  Only thing I always get at the park is the ice cream waffle cup(firehouse) at the Gibson Girl on main st. Can't go wrong with ice cream.  The only thing that I didn't like was the tram ride after the park close... longest wait, everyone trying to leave and everyone is tired and very cranky after a long day at the park... it's expected. But we had the best time, can't wait to go back when Star Wars opens... til next time!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love love love Disneyland!!!  Came early on a Monday and spent the day here with a friend. So much to see and do! We didn't get into the new Star Wars ride but still had a fun day either way!  Love watching my friend trade her pins and using our Disneyland app to check the wait times for rides! Definitely recommend it if you are on a time crunch. Overall it's a fun place to be! I can't wait to come back!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth is horrible! First there was a 2 hour wait just to purchase tickets. Then we attempted to purchase tickets at <a href=\"/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FDisney.com&amp;s=965e4b0196e80514c21e657ad9d30cf3e2fab4d53c87354288dc1e6e3351ea5e\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">Disney.com</a> in order to get e-tixs and after we purchased the tickets we were told by staff the it takes 24 hours for the purchase to process!! Ridiculous!! After standing in line for a couple of hours, a staff member suggest that we can download the Disney App and purchase the tix there, but I cannot use the confirmation number from the tickets I just bought at <a href=\"/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FDisney.com&amp;s=965e4b0196e80514c21e657ad9d30cf3e2fab4d53c87354288dc1e6e3351ea5e\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">Disney.com</a>. Horrible! That is not counting the wait on each of the rides we will have to deal with!! I just drove two hours to get here but I feel bad for the people that are coming from out of the state or the country to be here. Go spend your hard earned money elsewhere $500 bucks for a family of 4. The happiest place on earth is a scam and not happy at all.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Never a dull moment. It was really fun, I was able to spend quality time with my wife and didn't have to wait too long for anything. Disneyland is still SUPER Pricy for what it is, but like they say, once you are there, you are truly in the Happiest Place On Earth.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ridiculously long lines for everything. \u00a0We were only able to go on 3 rides and were there for 7 hours. \u00a0Horrible food. \u00a0Shoulder to shoulder mass crowds. \u00a0Disney is a big scam. \u00a0Never again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My husband and I decided to bring our 6 month old. He had so much fun. we took him on it's a small world, dumbo, the carousel, the rest of the rides in fantasyland and Winnie the Pooh. Whoever says babies are too young to enjoy Disneyland are crazy, they just won't remember but that's what pictures are for :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We visited the park during the recommended off season time frame and was very surprised at the extensive lines. \u00a0The security line was an hour long and very unorganized. \u00a0They could make a few simple changes to their process without compromising security and get people through much faster. \u00a0Once we got through security it was 45 minutes more to get into the park. \u00a0All lines for all rides were long. \u00a0The quickest fast pass was over 30 minutes waiting in line. \u00a0We have been season pass holders for quite a few years and visit the park several times a year. \u00a0It has progressively gone downhill. \u00a0Even though I am eager for the Star Wars additions we have decided to wait a few years before attempting to return. \u00a0It has become so expensive (beyond just the ticket prices) and such a pain in the butt to enjoy, or get to any ride, that we have come to realize that we would get more enjoyment out of a cruise or other vacation. \u00a0Hopefully Disney gets it together and makes Disney great again. \u00a0It pains me to leave a one star rating because we have had great experiences in the past. \u00a0We will probably try again in a few years but we will definitely be looking at the reviews before we pull out the credit card.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "i am so irritated with the customer service from these employees. i had the worst experience ever when we visited disneyland on 12/28/13. then i get a call from alexis at guest services and she just made me feel like i am such a copmplainer!!!! i have always just sucked it up if i received bad customer service but this time at disneyland was just the worst!!!!!! alexis tells me i can mail in my tickets and she will replace them, and as i begin to tell her that i am not sure that i want to return she became cold and short and said that not many people complain about their experience there at disneyland and i let her know that my coworkers family went up on the same weekend and they were going to stay for a full week but they had a similiar experience to mine and cut the trip short by 5 days! she cut me off and said that i didnt understand what she was saying, she said that i have been talking to other people that complain and not many people do actually complain!!!! i let her know that i will not be returning anytime soon and especially because of her customer service and attitude and all she said was ok thank you! i work in the customer service field and i do not ever treat any customers like i am superior to them and that they are just a bother which is how she made me feel!!!! worst experience ever and huge dissapointment!!!  worst customer service!!!!!!!never again! this is the second bad encounter with them! if you call a customer to make it right, please be polite and not rude and a jerk! thanks alexis, i will definitely not return!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Overrated Overpriced! It is almost straight robbery what Disney is doing. Prices are ridiculous..clearly they don't care about families at all..they just care about making money hand over fist. Really 15 dollars just to park my car? 30 dollars for a tiny stuffed animal. 60 dollars for 3 people for lunch. 125 dollars per person.. Really? Happiest place on earth I don't think so..its sad that so many people get suckered in to going here. Its so crowded with rude people and lines are ridiculous. You will spend the majority of time standing in line and fighting crowds. Save your money and go on a better vacation somewhere else.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "HORRIBLE SECURITY! They harass people and treat them like criminals with no care! This park should be forced to hire a reputable security company because they do not hire appropriate guards! They created a problem that was never there and then followed us around like we were there to steal or cause problems! THIS PLACE NEEDS TO CHANGE! I know o won't go back there again!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "While the park is fun, they have really bad ticket refund or change policies. They don't allow name changes, refunds in case of plan changes ect...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This has been our nth time in this place. It has always been a wonderful experience. Every time we step into this place it's like stepping into another world where everything is colorful and happy. From the rides to the shows and parades. It's magical. They have everything for the little ones and even for the young at heart. A full day is definitely not enough to spend in this place. You definitely would have to go back for more. It truly is the happiest place on earth! Just a tip, get a MaxPass to efficiently plan your stay and skip the long lines.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "With theme parks I'm usually good to leave after 3-4 hours. With Disneyland i'm there all day and begin planning the next trip as soon as I leave. I even picked up an annual pass to make sure I can visit whenever I get a chance.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth of course! Love to see the smiles on my grandkids faces every time we go there!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We were mortified by our most recent visit. My friend and I went for her birthday- we both used to be season pass holders, and HUGE disney fans. This time, we were beyond disappointed by every aspect of the park.  First off, I know Disneyland as being a park that is immaculately clean. However, this time, there was far less cleaning staff than I normally see, trash everywhere, and the park was run down as a whole. There were also all of these issues: 1. Staff- Normally, the staff at Disney always seems to be happy to be there, energetic, etc. I felt like we were just being herded. The staff was drained, talking with their friends, and completely disinterested in anything we had to say. I tried to speak with them about medical accommodations and none of the ride operators could care less.  2. Rides -Space Mountain- used to be one of my favorites- smooth, cool lighting, etc. It is now \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 extremely jerky, and the lights have changed. There are far less lights than there were before, making it very disorienting to ride, and my friend and I felt awful when we left. The ride was also very very dirty- chip bags in the cars. The floors were very sticky and messy throughout- I again recall this ride normally being very clean. -Indiana Jones- same issue. We got through one line, were told to go the opposite direction. Went the opposite direction and was sent back. The ride is also significantly rougher and jerkier than it used to be- I know it is supposed to be jerky, but it got a lot worse. Same issue with cleanliness. -Thunder Mountain Railroad- probably the best in Disneyland itself, but the ride operators were having social hour with a friend who was visiting, while performing safety checks- extraordinarily dangerous to say the least! 3. Food- we ate at something with the word Plaza in it for lunch. We had them take allergy precautions as both my friend and I have food allergies. The guy put the note in the system, yet my food still had mushrooms on it- Luckily, I'm not allergic to mushrooms, but my friend is. Both of our food was safe, which is most important, but was quite soggy. When we went to the counter to get it, the chef came out as per procedure, and came to the counter and just asked us if we had a question somewhat snarkily- uh no, it said on the form that we have an allergy, we are just confirming.  We went to customer service to make them aware of the issues we had observed. Even the customer service guy was completely monotone and seemed miserable! We certainly didn't feel any of the \"magic\" that we had came there for. He gave us some passes for 2 rides in CA Adventure, which helped, but certainly don't make up for the combination of negative factors in the visit.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am an annual pass holder for Disneyland. After years of visiting occasionally, we finally took the plunge and paid for a whole year. Now we can come anytime we want and have already gone several times in the first two months. As a Southern California resident, it is worth every penny. We live about a 2-hour drive away, so we don't go as frequently as the locals in Orange County, but the opportunities and services that you get at a Disney Park make it all worthwhile.  The cast members are amazing. From the friendly cashiers in the stores to the guy who sweeps up the trash dropped by excited kiddies and rude park-goers. The costumed folks in the parades are over the top - making eye contact with guests and waving at every single child as they go by. They aren't just in the show, they make you feel like you are part of the adventure. The drummers in the Soundtastic parade are talented, engaging, and appear genuinely excited to be there. The cast member who plays Ariel the Mermaid is on the same level as these drummers - waving wildly to all the excited children (and grown-ups) that she passes, flipping around precariously on the float, making us all want to sing her mermaid songs out loud!  The variety of events, parades, programs, festivals, seasonal/holiday food, AP specialty items, giveaways, promotions... they are overwhelmingly attractive, appreciated, and exciting. I pestered my husband all week to get to Disney so we could get the AP Steamboat Willie popcorn bucket and the Limited Edition Dumbo trading pin before they were gone - the same way that our now grown children used to pester us for McDonald's Happy Meal toy events for Beanie Babies and Hello Kitty trinkets. And I guess that's it - Disney, no matter how old you are, somehow makes you feel like a kid again. Who wouldn't want that?  Is it pricey? Yes... we pay $165/month for two annual passes that are just one pass level under the top package. Parking is included and we get discounts on everything from food and drinks to souvenirs for our grandchildren - and ourselves. We have been going 2-3 times a month and spend on average about $50-75 each visit. But we are having a LOT of fun riding rides, watching shows, and seeing a side of the park that we never got to see while waiting in line for Fantasyland rides when our kids were little. We will definitely be renewing our passes again next year.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is top of the line, world class attention to detail, and a definite step into the imagination. Favorite amusement park when it comes to polish and presentation. I have loved this place since I was a kid, now my kids love this place and I still look forward to being there. Both California Adventures and the main park proper are truly fantastic.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is like the best place on earth. Whenever I go the whole family has a great time. It has so many fun attractions. It is a great place for kids and adults. If you get hungry in need to leave the park that have restaurants over their,and you can always take the train to downtown Disney if you want you want to eat there.If you have kids that are under the age of 3 they get in free. They have to her willing rides and gentle rides for your younger ones. Your kids can always meet the awesome Disney characters. So next time your planning on going somewhere fun come to Disneyland. Hope you enjoy when you go!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Who doesn't love Disneyland??  Love that I could bring any food in there, so I don't have to spend more money on food. I brought in snacks, water, milk tea (all sealed of course)! There's drinking fountains to refill your bottles!  Buy the mobile fast track on you Disney phone app. For an extra $10 you don't need to run around getting your fast pass, but instead reserve it right on your phone. Plus it gives you a time when you can obtain your next fast pass. In ADDITION in comes with the photos that you take from the Disney photographers AND the photo taken on the rides! Yep totally worth it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Was super excited to take my girlfriend here for her birthday, and literally almost every ride closed throughout the day. For the price you charge people to come here it's a complete joke. And then with all the shut down lines the rides that were actually open had ridiculously long wait times cause that was all that was available. Get your crap together", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Annual pass for Southern California residents... cost up to $400.00 you can use fast pass and some rides, good 10% off in food and merchandise, you know is always so crowded one day isn't enough to enjoy the whole park, specially if is the first time and of course you don't know the park, but well the pass has a lot of blocked days!!! So \u00a0for me doesn't work to get the annual pass but if you a rider lover and can you plan you visit well is more than worth it!!! So have fun is a long long walk but very good customer service!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Where do I start...my visit was the opposite of magical and unfortunately just a string of bad luck that didn't receive any sympathy from the cast members. I am in town for a work conference, and my boyfriend came along for the week. I bought discounted 1-day tickets ahead of time that were offered from my conference and we chose to go on 9/11/17. This was his first time at Disneyland (or Disney anything). We got in shortly after the park opened, and the lines to get in moved quickly despite how long they were. Once inside we took our selfies on Main Street since there weren't any photo pass people around to take pictures. We made our way to the Pirates of The Caribbean ride, his first Disney ride ever. There were no lines and we got right on, only to get stuck on the ride for 30 minutes. The cast members kept making announcement that \"there were rough seas ahead\" and there was technical difficulties that would be fixed momentarily. Do you know what it's like to be stuck on a ride, in the dark, listening to the same pirate songs over and over? We finally got off the ride, and we're simple told \"thank you for your patience\". We were not offered a fastpass to go on another ride, which would have been nice since the lines were much longer 30 minutes later. We both said it happens and went to Splash Mountain to get \u00a0a fastpass. We went on the Winnie the Pooh ride to kill time and then got in the fastpass line. We were about 20 people away from getting on the ride and then it stopped. We were informed by cast members that they were calling the fire department to get everyone off the ride, we could wait in line if we would like to but they didn't have an estimate of when the ride would be running again. If we left, we lost our place in line. We heard fire department and decided to get out of line. We went to Thunder Mountain Railroad which had a reasonable wait and had our second and last ride without a glitch. We got a fastpass for the Matterhorn and went to go on Indiana Jones. We were maybe 50 people away from going on the ride and it broke down. They didn't have an estimate of when it would be up and running again so we left. At this point we spent our entire day waiting in lines to get stuck on a ride or to get turned away when we were almost there. I was so disappointed and my boyfriends first impression of Disney was horrible. Even after all of this we were not offered anything to make our day better - a fastpass to another ride - or even an I'm sorry. We had a few more minutes to wait for the Matterhorn so we went on the Buzz Lightyear ride, which is one of my favorites!! We were 10 people from going on and it stopped. I attributed it to them helping a person off who needed assistance , which I know they do sometimes. The ride did that 2 more times while we were on it. By this point we were aggravated, and I was disappointed that the day I have been looking forward to for months, was nothing as I hoped. We skipped the Matterhorn, and went for the exit. After being in the park for 6 hours we went on 4 rides and only 2 were without a problem. I am sorry I spent the $ on the tickets and if I could do it again I would maybe try Great Adventure. \u00a0His first Disney experience was not one that makes him want to go back, and I feel horrible that a place and brand I love didn't deliver. Other people we are at the conference with went on the same day and didn't have the problems we did. Overall, the best part were the Mickey Ice Creams! Maybe we just had bad luck; whatever it was, there was no Disney magic for us.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I cannot clearly recall if I was ever taken to Disneyland when I was a wee babe, but if I was, I do not recall. I knew it was a place I wanted to go as an adult, so when I shared this information with my (then) boyfriend he surprised me with a trip to Disneyland for my birthday.  LOCATION You can access the park by walking there which is totally great. It was a 15minute walk for us from our hotel and it was not bad at all. You can't miss it! Even for someone who has no natural sense of direction (me), you would be able to find your way.  EXTERIOR Is intimidating. The line forms way earlier before the gates are open. Kids everywhere, parents with the quiet panic and understanding that it will be a long day look in their eyes, commotions everywhere and you can feel the energy of open-the-gates-already! Just keep the eyes on the prize.  INTERIOR Detailed with every step. There are just so much to look at, to observe, to enjoy, to explore and more! From the music, visuals, rides, shops to characters, photo ops. Don't stress - just enjoy it.  STAFF Besides the ones assigned to rides, the staff is almost always upbeat and welcoming.  VERDICT If time permits, I like to visit this place once a year.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Shame on you, Disneyland, for cancelling the Southern California discount tickets. \u00a0Not going to say I will never be back, but it is now going to be an every couple of years thing instead of a few times per year.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "By far it's the worst place on earth, don't waste ur money, this place u spend 12 hours to go on 2 or maybe 3 five minuts rides,to damn busy 7 days a week, they keeping rising the prices on us they just increased the price 3 dollars that makes it 150% increase since 2000, people stop going to this crap hole and support small business who actually give u enough for your buck", "rating": 1}, {"text": "very fun place to go!! 1 star for the terrible cast members that work there you occasionally find some nice ones but most of them have horrible attitudes especially the Rude plaid dressed cast members in guest relations, otherwise the rides are fantastic and the food is great.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Absolutely amazing! We had a girls' trip with our friends and had the best time. Every cast member was so kind and met all of our needs. Hanna Norman made the best churros for us. The rides are fun and creative. We hope to be back again soon!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is amazing. I'll always love Disneyland regardless of the price increase every 6months it feels like.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Of course 5 stars! Disneyland is a special place for us since we got married here and with Mickey. That said Disney is crazy busy and will get even busier after Star Wars land opens. Crowds are manageable during certain times of the year. Be prepared for 2-3 hour waits during peak season like Christmas break. It Magical and a must!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "FORMAL COMPLAINT on staff member MEEK (Chicago, IL)!!!  I recently visited your Disneyland Theme Park and I had the absolutely worse and unpleasant experience as I was entering the shuttle area to go into the Disney theme park. Meek yelled at my family and embarrasses us in front of many guests and other staff. And on top of that, she refused to answer our questions about getting to the park! This was outrageous and very poor customer service.  My family and I were dropped off in the \"Woody\" Shuttle area and we were yelled at by a staff member - MEEK (Chicago, IL). She was extremely rude and had poor customer service towards us. I understand that we were confused by which Shuttle area to wait at as there are many stops to choose from, Buzz Lightyear, Woody, ect., however as we were crossing the street to go to the Woody area - she immediately yelled \"NO! GO BACK AROUND THE SIDEWALK!\". We stopped on the sidewalk and asked \"But we are looking for the shuttle to go to the park.\" She continues to yell \"NO! WALK AROUND THE SIDEWALK!\". I responded, \"I just have a question about --\" and she cuts me off by again yelling, \"I DON'T CARE, IF YOU HAVE A QUESTION WALK AROUND THE SIDEWALK TO ME!\".   This was extremely embarrassing for my family by being made a spectacle in front of all of the many guests and staff that were in the area. I couldn't believe my first moment at Disney was so unpleasant. I would have appreciated if she was more civil with her approach and added \"Please\" or \"For your safety, please come towards this side.\" But her rude tone and aggression towards my family was uncalled for.   To make matters worse, my family walked over to the Woody Shuttle area and when we got there, she REFUSED to answer our question! My family heard her say \"I don't want to answer their question. Have someone else talk to them.\" That's outrageous that a Disney staff member wouldn't even be willing to help us. First, this staff member(MEEK) yells at and embarrasses my family - and then, she refuses to answer our question. This start of the day completely ruined our Disney trip and we couldn't enjoy the rest of the day. Just because of one poor experience in the beginning. My family flew out all the way from Florida for this one day and it was ruined by one poor staff member. I hope the training could get better for the the shuttle/parking staff and that Meek gets the proper repercussion. The parking staff are the very first people to see Disney guests and I would hope that the very first moment at Disney starts as magical and that they understand the importance of a first impression.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "had initial issue renewing passes, but Disney came through and help us.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always a great time inside the park. Galaxy's Edge is just something out of this world. It was just a crazy experience trying to get into the virtual queue for Rise of Resistance. Looking forward to visiting solo in the next 3 weeks.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is the happiest place on earth! We keep coming back no matter what the season is! Prices keep climbing, and we continue to visit. Love Disneyland!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The happiest place on the whole entire planet!! You feel like a kid again and again. Rides weren't actually that bad of a wait even during the Christmas season!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love love Disney land my mom use to take us there all the time when my brother and I where little. And I have continued to do so with my 5 children and Now that I am a grandmother of 4 I still carry on the tradition. Forever I will be a Disney land fan ...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Fuck this place. \u00a0The virtual queue and that galaxys edge has ruined the experience. Why couldn't they make rise of the resistance with a standby wait time? I'm sure people wouldn't mind waiting 3-5 hours for the rise of the resistance ride, at least that way you know for sure you're going to ride it but if you get there early as hell and the dumbass boarding passes are out within 2 minutes. well that just ruins everything cause you know you're not going to able to ride.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Season pass for many years and hopefully many years more , since galaxy's edge opened wait times are way down and it's less crowded bad for Disney good for us , love Disneyland", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland!!! I go at least three to four times a year and I absolutely love it every time I go. From the corn dogs to the rides. I see something new every time I go. I love it :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is definitely the happiest place in SoCal! \u00a0One of the perks to living in SoCal is to be able to get season pass and come to Disneyland whenever. \u00a0 \u00a0The only downside about Disneyland is the line. \u00a0You just can't avoid it. \u00a0I love that they change their theme and decoration throughout the year. \u00a0Their firework show and water show are also amazing. \u00a0What more can I say? If you are a kid at heart then this place is perfect for you.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My joke has always been I was an \"abused\" child because my parents never took my brother and I to Disneyland. \u00a0Being my dad (and a really a big happy kid at heart), he never failed to surprise me. \u00a0When he was about 50 , he and my mom attended a convention in Disney World where he rode Space Moutain ten (10!!) Times in a row. \u00a0He also bought several natty Mickey Mouse ties. \u00a0My niece was born not too much later and she adored that Grandpa was a kid at heart and loved Mickey too. \u00a0He endured some good-natured torment from my brother and I, but it remains one of my favorite memories of him. \u00a0  Oh yes, I did finally make it to Disneyland about 20 years ago, so my memories are a bit dated, but that does not diminish the memories of such perfectly pure fun and even a bit of nonsense. \u00a0My first purchase was a set of Mickey Mouse ears (of course!!). \u00a0I was a devoted follower of the old Sunday night Disneyland show on NBC. \u00a0 When I visited, Dsney had just broken ground for California Adventure, so I've always been glad I went when the park had not changed as drastically as it would later, so I got to live my memories from the TV show, like the Jungle River Cruise And particularly Cinderella's Castle. \u00a0The food was strictly OK and quite expensive, but my friend and I were not there to eat beyond maintaining energy to go, go, go, and did we ever: from when the park opened until it closed; no rest for Disney fans at heart. \u00a0One standout was the Electric Night Light Parade. \u00a0Disney really puts on a spectacular show all the way around!  I'm so glad I went. \u00a0It was such pure fun to live all my old dreams. \u00a0I haven't been back ever, but did make it to Disney World. \u00a0Still the memories are pretty darned good! \u00a0No matter your age, do go. \u00a0It is the happiest place on earth after all!  PS: \u00a0Yes, my brother and his family have visited Disneyland many times. \u00a0They love it there!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Oh man, excess at Disneyland is totally awesome... until it catches up to you. I ate a frozen banana and rode small world and ate a pickle and rode Indiana Jones and ate a turkey leg while watching Fantasmic. (I know this is a run on, so sue me.) bring an appetite and some Pepto-bismol folks, it's the happiest place on earth!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Poor experience would not recommend the theme park to anyone who has disabilities that do not show. They do not assist to needs unless you purchase a wheel chair. Guest services provides rude service and states they are ADA compliant when some of their workers were not. Their guest services just brushes you off and does not provide quality service. They state all their calls are recorded and when u provide a call time and date for review they state their calls aren't recorded in this vicinity. I would recommend getting a season pass to 5 other places who treat their customers with special needs better, rather than getting 1 season pass here.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Was fun. Short lines if you go at open. Dont wait. Go early and run to your rides. Its the best way to get in and out to the nedt event. Dont forget to use fast padd. Its the best way to skip wait times on most od the rides", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is one of my favorite places besides knotts and universal it is family friendly and so \u00a0fun u can meet and take pics with the characters", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What can I say supposed to be the most beautiful place in the world, but the ugliest in within and out skirts surrounded it. once you get out of the main strip and it's a ghost town, pure ghetto slump. residents there doesn't seem so happy at all...anyways....  1) for those who has disabilities children using regular stroller. you must go to city hall close to the front entrance to get a special RED handicap sticker it will save you time in line., except for one as named Rob was a bit discriminate against kids with disability at Alice in wonderland ride even though my family and I were the first 5 in line and got sent back to the handicap line and waited 20 minutes to get in., then wasted another 40 minutes dealing with a supervisor and by that time it was 11:20 pm the park close at Midnight. SO start going in as early as 8am and pay that $10 each extra for express line( max pass) so you can ride all the attraction in way much shorter line, use Disney apps or pay when you go in at 8am-9am no later. for this park you will need all the hours you need. Attention: each ride average wait time is 25 minutes min. to at least longest can be 80 minutes. SO do the math you're lucky to get 9 rides in a day so choose wisely.  2) if you have a weak stomach try to stay away from food served inside the park, average meal for 3 adults 2 kids $50 and up..........Tums, Gas-X must needed.  3) Don't be cheap pay the $20 to park your car into their parking lot, because the WALK in line are super super long and can drag at least 1.5 hours to get in vs. just 20 minutes with your rental car/van because everyone must go through bag check point.....4 wheels foldable wagon are the hottest thing must have it will make it 10x easier if you have small children. I brought my own water spray gun fan also a must because the weather there is HOT and a bit humid. if you buy one there it's $20 your young kids will thank you for it.  4) Don't skip the Haunted house ride it is one of the best must see attractions, MOST of the rides are old/dated....BY 9pm they will have fireworks and most of the rides in that area will be shut down until after 10:00 pm -10:20pm, Dumbo ride, Alice in wonderland, Pinocchio, etc.....and if you have to stand in line for another 30-40 minutes pretty much that's your last ride.  Other than that it's over crowded, HOT, .......but it will leave mostly huge smiles for all ages and the memories enjoying with your family together are priceless. HOPE this helps.....", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My autistic son was at Disneyland today and was refused a special needs pass. He has been getting such a pass at both Disneyland and Disney World for many years. I have no idea why Danielle refused his pass today. My wife and I were outside the park and Danielle refused to talk to us on the phone.  He had a doctors note and it is very apparent when you interact with him that he is autistic and has special needs. I hope Daniele is feeling good about refusing to give him a pass.  This is not the Disney I know", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The park was not all that the characters wasn't friendly my church group went this weekend and not one character would take time and take a picture with the children.How do you explain that to small children that really was looking forward to their special trip.I'm ashamed of Disneyland I guess we were the wrong race.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place nearly sucks everyone's wallets dry but at the same time it's so worth it. The joy and the atmosphere alone you'll get is well worth the hefty price tag.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The happiest place on Earth. Love this place!! Girlfriend love this place. Kind of pricey but it's a good place to take out my gf", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Who does not love DL? Anyone who hates standing in line lol. Well, I have to admit, I do not exactly enjoy the lines, but I have a daughter we have been taking here for 6 years now. Her first visit was at 10 months old. The only rides she didn't get to go on were the roller coasters, Splash Mtn, and Indiana. We took her on Pirates and she loved it, especially with those fast dips! We are lucky she was a patient young one. She \u00a0didn't complain one bit when we were in line for the rides. Up to this day she still doesn't! That is led us to being annual passholders til this day.  Always always start your day super early. You want to be standing in line at the entrance at least 30 minutes before they open. You get a lot of rides in this way! And don't waste your time walking back and forth across the park for this and that ride. Start in one land and make your way to the next. We usually start with the storybook rides (Peter Pan is #1 always) because you can't get Fastpasses for those lol.   Prepare to spend money on food. You can pack your snacks and drinks. I agree, their $4 water bottles are ridiculous. But if you know you will not be coming back for a while, enjoy the good food! Some places are just eh, but you have to do some research because some places are worth trying :). Blue Bayou is one - the restaurant you see while riding Pirates. Yes, it could be pricey, but for the experience, it is worth it. And the food is good! We come here for special occasions, like birthdays or holidays. California Adventure is full of good food also, but that's for another review.  Kids need their naps. Don't put them through Disney all day unless you don't mind those tired tantrums. Every time we go, we stay at a hotel directly across the street from the parks. The walking distance is perfect when you have kids that need a break in the middle of the day. We always start our break around lunch time. We eat at one of the parks or somewhere out of the park. Then we go straight to the hotel so the kids could nap. Once they wake, we pack them up and head back to the park and also have them snacking on the way to get them started for another round of Disney for the rest of the day. This helps the kids have a lot more energy late late at night, when a lot of kids go home -- which means the lines are a tad bit shorter ;).  Speaking of nights... SoCal is full of sun. But nights can be cold so it's a great idea to pack warm clothes in your backpack.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am an annual pass holder and let me tell you that there are plenty of good visits... but also plenty of problems. When I went last week, they were horribly understaffed and while trying to get down Main St, I was elbowed, kicked and roughed up. \u00a0  The happiest place on earth turned into tackle sight-seeing!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'm SO disappointed in the customer service Disney gives to their guests. A ride broke down while we were in line with our fast passes. Due to a lunch reservation, we had to get out of line after 30 mins since it wasn't moving. We were a party of 17 people and if we missed our reservation we would have not only lost our deposit but no one could accommodate such a large group. After lunch we went to guest services to ask for fast passes to the ride and they did not care about our situation, they were downright rude and said it was OUR choice to leave the line. The manager, Hailey, was maybe 20 years old. We were at Disneyland for my birthday and I took my entire staff there to celebrate it. I'm so disappointed in how it's no longer the \"Happiest Place on Earth\". It's all about the numbers now, no longer the people and their happiness :(", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can i say it's the most magical place in the world! So happy to have a pass and visit when times aren't as busy", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm very disappointed with Disneyland , mainly with their security guards services!! today July 5, Around 12:40pm we were passing the security check when they pulled my boyfriend aside ,we didn't think much of it we thought they were going to pat him down and that's it . No ,the security guard starting questioning my boyfriend asking him what he did with his Nike pouch that he's being watching him since he went in to the restroom, this security guard works for Disneyland under cover so he was dress as a regular guest visiting the park. First of all my boyfriend didn't Carry anything with him when he walked in the restroom &amp; he doesn't even own a Nike pouch . This security guard was being very rude and hostel against my boyfriend, my boyfriend and myself kept denying that he had a pouch with him and the security guard wasn't believing us . We felt attacked , I don't think it's fair . He obviously had the wrong guy . I asked him to check the cameras because this was ridiculous. Disneyland management needs to enforce better regulations to their security guards !", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I absolutely love Disneyland. \u00a0I don't mind crowds and can overlook a lot of the prices and RULES. \u00a0I am quite upset at the no drink refill policy. Give us a break. It's really hot. \u00a0We stand in heat and lines. \u00a0Pay for overpriced and undersized drinks. \u00a0 NO REFILLS REALLY CHEAPENS THE \u00a0EXPERIENCE.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What a let down. Supposed to be the happiest place on Earth. Employees were rude stating you can't stand here. You can't sit here. Keep moving. Food was mediocre at best and extremely overpriced. People come from all over the world and are treated like half class citizens. I am ashamed of your establishment, and I'm sure Watl Disney would roll over in his grave if he knew what was happening at his park. If this is what $100 entrance tickets gets you, I won't be coming back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It pains me to write this, but I am truly fed up with this place. I have loved Disneyland for as long as I can remember. \u00a0I have photos of me as a child with the \"old- school\" character hats throughout the beloved park. \u00a0I recently bought an annual pass for myself, husband and daughter for her 7th birthday. \u00a0Now that she was old enough to enjoy the rides, my husband and I were thrilled to experience and make memories with her at Disneyland as we did as children. \u00a0Unfortunately there have been far too many instances of unprofessionalism and out right rudeness displayed by the park employees. \u00a0  The first instance occurred while waiting in the Splash Mountain ride. \u00a0I was looking to book another Fast Pass and was on my phone doing so. \u00a0There was about 2 feet of space in front of me when the employee yelled at me \"GET OFF YOUR PHONE\" which startled nearly all the guests around me. \u00a0The family behind us recommended I file a complaint, but I decided to just move on and let it go, since I was, in fact, on my phone and maybe she was having a bad day. \u00a0  The second time I was getting in line for a parking ticket refund. \u00a0I have the Signature pass, while my husband and daughter have the Deluxe. \u00a0I did not have my AP physical card with me that day, and since he drove, he paid with his card which is linked to our joint account. \u00a0Not thinking it would be a huge deal, we crossed over the chains since it was pretty empty. \u00a0Suddenly an employee who was monitoring lines yelled \"MA'AM WOULD YOU LISTEN TO ME?!\" I turned around at her, not even realizing she was talking to us. \u00a0She then continued on ranting about how we need to go through the maze of chains. \u00a0I explained that I did not hear her the first time, yet she continued on yelling. \u00a0Her demeanor completely startled my daughter, and to this day she talks about the time a lady yelled at her at Disneyland. \u00a0  Finally the straw that broke the camel's back was today's incident. \u00a0I am astonished and mostly appalled by the lack of professionalism, especially from the supposed \"Happiest Place on Earth.\" Pft. \u00a0My husband, daughter and I did the parking situation again by mistake sometime in September. \u00a0Since then we have visited the park a few times, however, the ticket lines were so long we decided $20 was not worth it to try and get a refund. \u00a0Today surprisingly the park was not as packed. \u00a0There was maybe a handful of guests waiting. \u00a0So my daughter and I got to the window and requested a parking refund since I have the signature pass. \u00a0She takes a look, jots some notes down then goes to the back. \u00a0Another employee asks a couple questions, prints out some information and goes to the back also. \u00a0They were gone for nearly 25 minutes while we just stood there waiting. \u00a0I was so frustrated with how long it was taking that I knocked on the window. \u00a0The first employee came back and said the other employee who was helping me was on the phone and would be coming back to me soon. \u00a0I told her to forget it as I needed to go. \u00a0A supervisor comes to the window and threatens to revoke my pass due to misuse. \u00a0She proceeded to tell me to wait or she would have the authority to revoke my card. \u00a0Finally the 2nd employee comes back to the window and states that my parking ticket was timestamped around 9:40 AM and that my AP card was scanned around 10:40. \u00a0So what is the issue? \u00a0I don't even understand what they were implying. \u00a0All 3 of us went to the park on that day, we parked around 9:40 according to the parking ticket. \u00a0She mentioned that the AP card was scanned again at the parking ticket booth around 10 or 11 ( I think.. \u00a0I was so livid I tuned her out). \u00a0I didn't even have my card that day, hence why we paid the $20! \u00a0She then told me to eat the $20 charge and move on, or I will not be allowed to visit the park. \u00a0  ABSOLUTE BS!!! I have already told my friends and family about this, and all agree that the service has gone completely to the sh*ts at Disneyland. \u00a0I could not agree more! \u00a0I will NEVER return to another Disney resort!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's always too crowded! I wish I could get rid of my annual pass and be done with cash grab land. Everything cost waaaay too much and the parks are over populated and over rated. They destroyed great movie franchises (Star Wars and MCU). The average family cannot go here for a good time without breaking the bank. Almost No benefits with annual passports., Just a big FU and pay up sucka.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It really is the happiest place on earth...and quickly becoming the most expensive too!  Still. Totally worth it   SUGGESTIONS: *Bring the most comfortable walking shoes you can  *Dress in layers: It's usually cool in the morning (and inside some buildings during the day) and cold at night. During the day it can get warm and very sunny. You'll be standing in the sunlight a lot. I recommend: *sunscreen  *hat *water bottle  HELPFUL ADVICE:  *Prepare snacks at home ahead of time. I put them in plastic baggies and give everyone their own to carry around. These snacks are terrific for when you're waiting in long lines.  *The park gives FREE iced water. No need to buy water bottles   *Sit down restaurants have free filtered water so you can refill your water bottle   *My family has always picked the fire station as the agreed meeting place if anyone gets lost", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What can I say about Disneyland that isn't already known other than from my own perspective as to why this park is important to me.  Growing up, I would watch the ABC after school specials and the Saturday morning specials that would show the behind scenes of the park. As a kid I fell in love with this place before I even went. It was like being lost in a book to help escape my reality.   I never had the opportunity to go as a child, but as an adult I purposely made it my goal. Everytime I come to this park I make sure to do something new.   Im sure everyone has their reasons for coming here. But for me it is something very personal and close to my heart, as it truly helped me as a kid. This place really is magical and brings you back to a place where it is ok, too be a kid and definitely young at heart.   This time we didn't see Mickey and that is ok, the park got pretty busy by the afternoon. And the wait time for him was well over 45 minutes. However many other of the characters were walking around and mingling.   It's a Small World was closed due to being remodeled, and the actual Castle, so that will give me another reason to come down once it is complete.  Download the app, it shows in real time the wait lines for rides. That is how we rode alot with barely any wait. Im still surprised by this", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is definitely a magical place!!! I am 25 years old already but every time I come here with my family or my friends, I feel relaxed and peaceful a lot!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is my favorite &amp; fun place to visit. Everything around is very beautiful, Rides are amazing. It's always worth coming here. Evenings are most wonderful, everything is so dreamy", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth  Love it Live 2 miles away I take all my guests from overseas to visit", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Clean. Fun. Exceptional staff. It's Disneyland....I mean, it's DISNEYLAND! We're having a blast and so is our son! Thank you Anaheim", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is such a great experience! Everything that you've known as a kid all comes to life in this theme park! The crew at Disneyland are so nice and they very polite. Although it is expensive, it's worth it even if you're not trying to spend money.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My recent visit at Disneyland in Anaheim was a horrible one. Disneyland has lost its true meaning of what Walt Disney originally sought out to create, \"The Happiest Place on Earth!\"  I wrote an email to Disneyland Guest Services on January 8 to escalate my concerns but sadly I have yet to receive a courtesy of a response or simple acknowledgement...  I wrote...   My family and I have been long time loyal fans of Disneyland until our recent terrible experience.   On Monday, January 7, 2019, my family and I went to Disneyland with high hope to creating another memorable day at the happiest place on earth, Disneyland!   Unfortunately that was not the case...  I was terribly offended by the undermining demeanor your cast member displayed on the date of our visit at the ticket booth on Monday, January 7, 2019 at 10:40 am.   I was told by this individual Disneyland staff members are not allowed to give out last names in order to protect employee privacy and safety. Therefore I was only able to obtain the first name of the individual that I had the horrifying interaction. Her name is Diane. She told me she was the manager but later I learned from your other cast member Tiffany that Diane is not the manager but the Lead and the manager is actually Angelina.   What transpired that lead to the unpleasant experience on Monday, January 7, 2019 at 10:40 am was that on December 7, 2018 I took my team from office to Disneyland to celebrate our Christmas holiday as I have done in previous years. At the end of our day on December 7, 2018, few of us decided to take advantage of our 1-day ticket stubs we purchased for our team Christmas celebratory visit in to Disneyland Southern California Select Annual Passes. We repeatedly asked the agent 2574 who assisted us at the ticket booth on December 7, 2018 to confirm that our unused 1-day Disneyland ticket we pre-purchased for $135 will be able to convert to the Southern California Select Annual Pass for the same value of $369 on our return visit on January 7, 2019. She confirmed each time we asked!  On our return visit on January 7, 2019, unfortunately it wasn't the case.   We were greeted at the ticket booth by Kristina. However after explaining our request to Kristina she kindly stepped away to seek for a manager's assistance to help with the accommodation. Some time after Diane approached our window and immediately went in to making her disclaimer by stating neither her employees nor her get advanced notice in price changes and that they cannot be held accountable for something they were unaware. \u00a0When I told Diane my family and I were long time Disneyland goers she was quick to follow with a statement saying \"then you would clearly know each of our printed receipts have the disclosure of prices may change at anytime without notice\". Diane even picked up one of the ticket that were piled in a holder on the counter, placed it faced against the window and proceeded to pointing me to draw my attention to the ticket itself and when I wanted to pose a question she would place her right palm in front of the window stating \"wait, wait until I'm finished...\"  After she was done with her disclosure then she proceeded with a question to me saying \"do you understand what I just read to you?\" ...like if I was a 5 year old child!  At that point I simply did not want to waist more of my family time and asked Diane in another word there is nothing you can do correct? \u00a0...Then she said I will make a phone call if that satisfies you and just walked away!  After another waiting of approximately 20 minutes then Angelina approached the window simply making the similar disclosures but in a professional manner.  At this point I was already an hour at the ticket booth with your staff members that kept us there with no resolution. \u00a0Therefore I asked Tiffany to please go ahead with completing our daughter's annual pass transaction so that we can finally be on our way to make the most out of our day that was already destroyed by Diane.   I must add that Tiffany was professional and kind.   What is most disappointing and heartbreaking is that no one absolutely no one at any point of my interaction going from the first person Kristina to Diane to Angelina to Tiffany took the time to simply say \"I am sorry\"!  I am so sadden by my recent experience. Growing up I've always loved and looked forward to going to Disneyland believing that Disneyland was truly The Happiest Place on Earth, what Walt Disney originally sought out to built. Regrettably this is no longer the case...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's the holiday season but even a big corporatuon like Disney cannot keep up with the people's needs. Bad business!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "\"The Happiest Place on Earth,\" is what Disneyland is known for. Bare with me, this will be a long review.   To start, there are value, normal and peak days. Price can range from 100 up to 180, so be warned ! Peak days are generally going to be winter and summer months. This are when the blackout dates are too for the first tier annual pass holders. Currently, there is Pixar fest going up to September 3rd. There are Pixar themed foods such as the cheeseburger pizza and toy story alien macaroon. There is also the special Pixar themed fireworks at the end of the day. Parking is going to be 20 or 35 for preferred parking. You're most likely going to end up at Mickey and friends parking lot. There's a tram that takes you to the park itself.   If you have a park hopper ticket, then be prepared to come early to experience all that Disneyland has to offer. You might even need two days because of the long wait times for lines. There's just too much to see at Disneyland. I recommend getting fast passes for space mountain, the guardians ride, and Indiana Jones. Those seem to have the longest wait times throughout the day. I waited two hours for space mountain. It was dreadful.   If you're looking for the cute leather bracelets that you can have names engraved into, they are at frontier land close to the tiki lounge bar.   Must tried for food and drinks are the fun wheel at the wine yard in paradise cove (Disneyland adventure; have to be 21), churros (all around), and dole whip (tiki bar lounge in Frontierland; Disneyland Park).   I will always recommend leaving 30 minutes before closing so you don't get stuck in the parking lot. Disneyland is a great place for families and dates!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "WOR$TEST PLACE ON EARTH##  1. Jacked up prices over the years. Used to be under $50 per person 2. Overcrowded 3. Food is like S here 4. Jacked up parking prices 5. You spend hours for just ONE RIDE.  Anyway AVOID## You go here to wait in line for HOURSS FUN ISNT IT?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I mean it's the happiest place on earth and it really is!!!! There's endless things to do for pretty much all ages, fun but not scary rides good food, fun characters, tons of photo opps and happiness all around \u00a0FAST PASS IS A MUST!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Between the rides breaking down, Grizzly River Rapids, Radiator Springs, Splash Mountain this place has gone down hill. \u00a0They make you get a fast pass to see Fantasmic and then you get there an hour early and they don't tell you that you have to stand the whole time while they have plenty of places to sit. \u00a0The \u00a0employees don't know what they are taking about. \u00a0 I have been coming every year for the last 6 years and I done. \u00a0 \u00a0Customer service is no longer a priority.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family and I love coming to Disnyland every chance we get we come out and have fun. \u00a0Rides food. \u00a0And the events that they have for my lil princess and queen. \u00a0 \u00a0Really really love coming. \u00a0 And when my wife and I come we get in the big rides.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I used to love their professionalism and willingness to assist. This last time we asked for our guest assistance pass which just allows us to wait the same amount of time as everybody else except not in line. Well they refused to give It to us even though we have had it for the past three years and my husband really need it. He is a combat veteran \u00a0and has a lot of mental and physical issues. They had the nerve to say \" if that's the case maybe he should be in a wheelchair, because we don't know if his disabilities change or not\" I was very mad about this because man their tickets are way over priced and even though we have the yearly passes we still have to pay $700 a year per person!! That's ridiculous.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family and ai have made Disneyland an annual trip for the past 10 years and unfortunately the focus of customer service has declined rapidly over the past few years. Their systems in place for rentry and security lines for those whom dont have bags are horrible. My last trip was a horrible experience for me and my family. I will never return here unfortunately and will take my vacations somewhere we can be treated with respect.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love this place it makes me feel like a kid again, If you are complaining about the long lines then your probably broke lol there are many ways to pay to get in front of the line quick. Disneyland is not for Poor people so if you are planing to go make sure you have a sufficient amount of money.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "There's not much to say. Of course it will be crowded and have long lines, but it is well worth it. Disneyland is the most magical place on earth, soooo much fun, sooo beautiful.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's been a couple years since going here but it's some how still great to go. Super clean which isn't something you notice until you've been to other theme parks.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The Park ticket is worth the price!  Disneyland Park has a special place in my heart as I have been going a few times a year since I was a toddler! The attractions are world-class and the dining is phenomenal. You can never get bored here! With Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge now open, there are even MORE things to do and every visit doesn't disappoint. Even the castmembers are super friendly and know how to operate this busy park while keeping respect with Disney's amazing service. The lines also move very quickly due to most of the rides having a high capacity. TIP: Buy Disney Maxpass with your ticket. It is incredibly worth the price as it includes digital Fastpass and all the photo downloads you want from the photographers and the attractions. One of our favorite times is to go in the spring when they offer the 3-day socal resident discount which includes Magic Morning (early access to the park on select days.)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's food and wine festival... so of course \"everyone\" is out and about. Huge crowds and good food... still one of the best times to be at DCA!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We love Disneyland and would ordinarily give it 4 or 5 stars, but I must tell you that the food options and reservation system sucks. As a guest walking around all day you get exhausted. I tried calling to get a reservation and they couldn't help. Then we went to the bbq place, sold out. My daughter was starving and I was grumpy. To re To remain the happiest place on earth, they better do better than this.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hate to do this because I love it there but I had some very rude interaction with the cast member on big thunder. My son was measured at the front (after burning a fast pass since he went on the ride two months ago, I have photo proof of that as well). Daniel (though I honestly remember his name tag reading Danielle) informed me that he had final say on these matters and that my son could not ride. Now I've got a crying kid for no reason. I'm very disappointed that some subjective measure of a not very nice dude got me dealing with this.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I will always love Disneyland no matter how old I get. Love all the rides and atmosphere. I'm just plain HAPPY when I'm there. I've never had issues with rude cast members yet. The park is always clean with no visible trash anywhere. Plus, you can't beat the smell of churros and popcorn! It's amazing! Ride times are a hit and miss every single day and they vary. Sometimes the lines are long for certain attractions and sometimes they are short.. Usually they average a wait time of 30-40 minutes depending on the attraction. I love seeing all the characters walking around the park, it makes me feel like a kid again and I'm 26.. I love the music playing on main street and throughout the park. Food/snacks are awesome.. can be a little pricey, but what can you expect from a theme park. Have a problem with the prices? Pack your own snacks/beverages. I take my husband and kiddos here at least once or twice a year and will continue to do so for the years to come!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "There are so many things that are wrong with Disneyland, in my opinion. But, there are tons of things that have me coming back for more. \u00a0One of the biggest and most important reasons that I come back is because of the smiles and laughter from my lil one. \u00a0She absolutely loves the King Arthur carousel. \u00a0We can get on there 3-4 times, back to back, and she does NOT get tired of it. \u00a0She also loves the tea cups. \u00a0Pinocchio was a bit too intense for her but I think it's because we were \"swallowed\" up by that whale. She enjoys several other rides and her entire face lights up as we walk from one ride to the next. She has been on several other larger rides but they aren't her particular faves. \u00a0If it weren't for the fact that she loves Disneyland and does nothing but laugh and smile through it all, I wouldn't spend the time or the money coming here. I really want to get an AP but at the same time, I don't know that my hubby will want to come throughout the year. So, we'll see. I think I have a few more days to decide on making it a pass or not. It is terrible to think that families are breaking the bank to be able to bring their families here for the day, one park even. \u00a0I don't know how you'd be OK spending a whole week's pay to take your family here, not including food even. It's crazy what it costs. Parking costs are through the roof. I understand that the park wants to limit the # of CA residents who go so frequently and I'm sure that raising the prices has helped but YIKES!!   I can't believe that the castle is in such disrepair and is such an eye sore. \u00a0I feel terrible for all those people who are going to visit the park during the construction. It is so hideous!   I know so many people in attendance question whether this is really the \"happiest place on earth\" or not. \u00a0For me, it has been a great and happy place. The issue, I think is the way the relationship is and how communication is maintained between the parents and children. \u00a0Some kids are used to getting away with murder all the time. So, in the instance that you say no to them, it's over. They lose their shit and it's all downhill from there. \u00a0In my case, my lil one doesn't throw tantrums. She knows pouting and giving attitude or a nasty side eye gets her no where but also it gets her nothing but a one way ticket for her to sit in her stroller, strapped in and miserable. So, she doesn't bother. Instead she'll pull us aside and tell us what she wants. Speech delayed it takes her a bit more effort to communicate her needs to us but I'm so proud of the fact that she is also concerned with how she acts and is careful to not bother other people. \u00a0It's too bad more families and kids don't communicate this way but if they did it would definitely be a much happier place for everyone.  My lil one seems to understand that coming to the park is a treat and that we'll stay only so long as we are ALL in a good mood. So, she has always been well behaved. She also understands that we can only stay some place where we are all safe. So, if she puts herself in positions where she is not safe, she knows we won't stay. So, she is always very careful. Disneyland is for the kiddos, not the adults. We are in their world. \u00a0 I hope adults will learn to really appreciate the way that their kids' faces light up in wonderment and amazement when they run through the park. Seeing my lil one's face light up makes it all worth it to me. She also doesn't concern herself with the way that other lil ones are behaving so she doesn't try and mimic their behavior. So, it is fantastic!!!   I think everyone knows, a day at any of the Disneyland or Disney World parks is going to be expensive. Stop wandering the park bitching about it. Be with your family. Be in the moment. Be responsible about your spending while you are there but also just accept the fact that it is all going to be expensive. There's no way around it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We just celebrated our 15th anniversary of annual trips to Disneyland. \u00a0They have a new Paint the Night Parade which is as awesome as the Electric Parade was. \u00a0Unfortunately much of CA Adventure was under repair this year, but we look forward to the Pixar Pier when it's completed. \u00a0Park tickets are extremely expensive, and they seem to be nickel and diming for even more money with their FastPassMax program, but those are small criticisms for the fun and memories we create every year.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Not the happiest place on earth. False advertising for the magic hour. Says on the paper that it can be used on both parks but never ever mentioned you had to be in a resort to access the early hours.  Whack as doodoo", "rating": 1}, {"text": "One word privileged its no fun anymore if your not spending crazy money your not going to have any fun. All people that stay in a Disney hotel get in to go on the rides one hr early and no one else can.!! Don't bother coming in early just a waste of my time waiting in lines all day. Don't let me get started on the fast pass. That's a scam for its own people that come to Disneyland often. People cut the line", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So annoyed. \u00a0I did not receive a renewal reminder for my annual pass. \u00a0I went to the ticket window and spoke to the manager Lisa. \u00a0She was unfriendly and rude. \u00a0Despite it being my birthday she made me pay an increased rate. \u00a0Ridiculous. \u00a0 Definitely not the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been coming here at least once a year for the past 5 years. This place is amazing and although they have hiked the prices recently I will continue to come. One tip I do have is to make a reservation at least 2 weeks in advance for the cantina in star wars galaxy's edge or else it's highly unlikely you'll get to enjoy that experience.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love Disneyland but NEVER go when kids are out on Christmas break! WORSE Disneyland experience EVER. Over 2 hour wait for every ride is no fun. Make sure you get your expensive ticket's money worth and not go on a holiday.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Teresa Mendoza  I love Dland I'm an annual pass holder \u00a0but yesterday I had a bad experience, my son and I waited in line to see Minnie mouse. the family ahead of us handed their photo pass to the cast member and they took their pic. when it was my turn she said I cant take it because I have a long line, I told her but we been waiting for our turn and the family ahead of us just used it she said well if u wana wait til im done ill take ur pic giving me a bad attitude the line was still long and I said ok that fine since my son really wanted a pic with Minnie mouse (first time he wasn't scared) we waited and when she was done with the last family I asked her ok can u take our pics she totally ignored me and took off walking... I told the other cast member she asked me to wait and I waited he answered well follow her, so I did I told her you asked me to wait and I waited for u she smirked and said oh I thought u have left ..then I told her I asked u and u ignored me she then said I forgot and walked away.. my son cried as he saw Minnie leave (that is what got me upset) and that little bitch as cast member just looked at us all bad....by the way her name is Erica Dimas...Ill make sure this goes on yelp since I already complained to dland .sorry for the long essay", "rating": 1}, {"text": "THE BEST! Nothing compares to Disneyland! There are so many additions every time I visit and it is remarkable. LOVE this places and all the memories I have there.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Raised prices sky high again! Not affordable to the average income family. Not affordable for seniors on social security: can't take grandkids. ... Will have to go to Knott's Berry Farm instead. Disney Price vs Knott's (180$ vs 37.00 one day passes per person, one park) 2015  By the way, it's bordering on crookism to charge almost 200.00 and then have multiple rides closed without notice and without price reduction. Not consumer fairness!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland. My family and I have recently joined the annual passport team and I love it. I would definitely suggest going during the weekday. I haven't had any problems with the lines just plan your time accordingly . You're able to chose the fast pass selections from your phone so I think that is pretty awesome because once I'm done with one ride I'm able to ride another one, so on and so on. Plus you're able to see and save your photos from your phone. I just love the Disneyland environment, for people complaining about the price is Disney land even if so all amusement parks are expensive let's be realistic . You don't go on vacation not expecting to pay for the thing you enjoy . So worth it, if you don't own an annual pass I recommend you do so.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I had a great experience yesterday with my family on my birthday! Pluto, Winnie the Pooh and Tiger are great happy characters and deserve recognition! They made my son very happy by interacting with him!! It is the happiest place on earth! We Definitely will be back! Great job Staff!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is my second home. Even with renovations and Star Wars Land opening, its an awesome way to spend with family. I am thankful for purchasing the Fast Pass because it gives me time to enjoy one attraction and then get on my next ride with no hesitation", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Greatest and happiest place on earth the food is ok but the entertainment makes up for it. The Pixar pier snacks are incredible. I recommend the Pixar pier soft serve it was extremely good and you can find it at Disney's California Adventure in the adorable snowman", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Horrible. \u00a0I figured I'd go on a Monday when kids are supposed to be in school May 22, 2017. \u00a0The park sold out!!!! 40 minute wait for small world, 35 minutes for the carousel. \u00a0Went on 4 rides total with my 5 and 3 year old. Unable to push stroller due to ridiculous crowds. \u00a010 minute wait to buy water. \u00a015 minutes to use the bath room. Sign said 180 minutes wait for space mountain. \u00a0I will not be back unless it's raining mid week in the winter. \u00a0For those of you that give Disneyland 5 stars you are living in fantasyland. \u00a0This is not the Disneyland I remember as a child. \u00a0I am so disappointed with the experience. \u00a0My advice would be triple season pass prices so regular guests that have actual lives (and Jobs), can go once a year and get on the rides. \u00a0See picture of what 100% capacity looks like on a Monday (non-holiday) at 11:30am.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "One of my favorite theme parks in Socal. I always love going here so I decided to get a annual pass. When you get there they have such huge parking structures for people who are coming to visit the happiest place on earth whether its tourists or locals coming to enjoy this theme park on a daily. The parking price at the moment per vehicle is $20 and as long as you have your ticket with you then you can leave and go. When you park you walk toward the escalator to head towards the tram where they will check you before you go to the tram like bag check and walking through a metal detector before you continue on to the tram. The tram takes you to downtown disney where you embark either enjoying what downtown disney has to offer like food and entertainment and shopping. If you want to head to the disney theme parks there are two sides. Disneys california adventure park and Disneyland. Buying tickets will be right up front and you can buy it from the stalls for multi park tickets or one day tickets or even claim your annual pass there. Both sides are really fun and they both have rides everyone will enjoy whether you want the slow rides or even the fast rollercoaster rides. The California side does sell alcohol and they do have some wonderful food there and drinks and really nice at night time when they turn the lights on. Disneyland side is also memorable in its own way as well because it makes you feel like a kid no matter how old you are and kids love this side because its makes it very memorable to them. There are even everyones favorite characters running around to take some pictures and you gotta line for them but its just really nice to see them around the park. The other thing to as well is they do distribute fast passes for those who want to get on their rides faster at certain times. Daily this place is packed and it does show how long the wait times are and because of its popularity it wont show any dead times unless its like a really bad weather. But other than that this place is so nice to visit I go every time I can and make my annual pass count because I can never get bored of this place. Its always so fun and if you do have annual you can use the discount depending on your pass to save a bit.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I hate Disneyland with a passion. It's WAY OVERPRICED and for what? Listening to thousands of loud whining kids. The rides suck and every stupid couple here PRETENDS like they're in love. In my opinion, it's the most MISERABLE place on earth. The 2 times I've been to Disneyland, I've left beyond miserable so I'm literally never going again.   I have a much better time at Magic Mountain because the admission fee is much less, the rides are much more exciting, and there are almost no kids. I don't understand the appeal of Disneyland, and the fact that people act like it's heaven really frustrates me. Also, I don't like that Disneyland keeps increasing its fee. And I have been to Club 33 and had a fancy lunch, and I did not think it was ALL THAT. The food was so so and I have a heck of a better time in a normal restaurant that is a fraction of the price.   Disneyland is also overcrowded and the wait for its rides is unreasonably long. This park is primarily for children who don't understand the value of money and are still in their blissful world. Once they become adults, their opinions will most likely change.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I mean it's Disneyland... it's amazing and expensive but is there really a price on fun and memories? We will be coming back for the rest of our lives.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Unbelievably pissed.  I've been coming to Disneyland for years. This year we took our daughter for her birthday. I was amazed at what an incredible shit-show this parked has turned into.  We spent $300 to get the three of us in. In return for our money we were shuffled like cattle constantly from area to area. They would close rides including the train for the fireworks or parades so you would get trapped in sections. Then, you would be trapped but you wouldn't have a fast pass to see the show that was trapping you, so you got shuffled some more. I spent 90 percent of my time with workers shining flashlights in my face telling me to \"move along\" but I had NOWHERE TO GO!!!   I am so unbelievably livid. I have put up with the crowds, no biggie. The long lines, no biggie. But I'm not going to just sit by and have these greedy bastards rape me for $300 and then not let me go on anything.   I'll take my money elsewhere!!! Mr. Disney would roll over in his grave if he knew what his lovely park had become. A greed factory that is more interested in shoving too many people in the park than actually providing a good time.  Never again Disneyland. After 40 years I'm saying GOOD RIDDANCE!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can you say--it's Disney which = amazing. My daughter had an amazing times. This is the kind of place even adults can have a blast in. Yes you look around on a Thursday with your 2 year old and wonder wow this many people called out of school with all the kids on a school day but hey Disney is worth it I suppose. Food is over priced but you come to expect it. I highly suggest getting photo pass since it's cheap and you have professional photographers taking your picture. Eat at adventure land and New Orleans square--easily two best places--don't eat at Tomorrowland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always have a Great time with family and friend had the best night today and cast members are really friendly And kind.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Was there yesterday with my sisters had the best time. Those complaining of lines obviously have no idea what they are doing the most we waited in line was 25-30 min 40 min at the most. We went on almost all the rides multiple times. You have to time things right people use the app, use the fast passes and use the single rider lines to your advantage.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "LOCK UP YOUR STROLLERS!!! I GOT ROBBED!! I WENT ON PIRATES AND IT WAS A SHORT LINE!! When I came back it was gone . I have a 3month old and a 2 year old. \u00a0I was thrown a baby shower to buy that expensive stroller and now it's gone. It was a limousine style city select brand with all the attachments. It was around $450 or more. I'm honestly sick about it and makes me not want to go back to Disneyland at all. I \u00a0had a car seat in it so I had no way of taking my baby home at the end of the night. Disneyland told me nothing just file a police report with the city of Anaheim. All they said was you park at your own risk . So awful.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Customer service is horrible. Park is always crowded. Wait times are ridiculous and often under estimated. For how much they jacked up prices in the past couple years, I would seriously reconsider spending money to come here if you want to ride the rides. If you are just coming to see the characters it could be worth it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Be prepared to be lied to and be scammed by uninformed cast members. I was shuffled around the 4 stores looking for a big hero six plushie at the end of a six-hour quest a manager finally called up a back room to tell me that there was no Big Hero 6 merchandise on the entire Disney facility. We bought pictures and paid $39 a day and the photographer time-stamped them wrong which ultimately led to our first day having water marks remain on the photos that we paid for. To make matters worst uninformed cast members in the photo supply store told us that at home we could edit our photos with borders and signatures of characters but once we got home that no longer exists so just be aware that if you purchase the photo pass for $39 you are getting nothing but the photos and likely a mistake will be made and you will get photos with watermarks. Ultimately , this was the worst vacation I've ever gone on. Thank you Disney for delivering a horrible experience on what is likely my last chance to go to Disneyland with my son Kevin since I am terminally ill", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Be prepared to wait wait wait even if you have reservations. \u00a0 Stayed at the Disneyland hotel but the \"magic hour\" by the time you wait in the line was really only 10 minutes! When we did get into the park we found out that not all the rides are open during the \"magic\" time. Better to save your $$ and stay outside the park. \u00a0Wonder why anyone would ever want to go back and stand in lines all day. \u00a0Not the happiest place any longer", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is like our 4th visit in the past two years. It's said that Disneyland is the happiest place in this world. If you ever visit here before, you know they are not lying. I would really consider about getting an annual pass if my girlfriend can have more time to stay in great LA.  Since most part of the park remain the same (as before and as their parks in other countries like Tokyo Disneyland). Here I would like to focus on their recent change - Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge.   In this place you will see a stunning full size Millennium Falcon. The overall design make me think about the city and market on Tatooine where underground economy takes place. There are some stormtroopers patrolling, and if you are lucky enough, you might have a chance to meet Rey and Kylo Ren.  Millennium Falcon: Smuggler's run is now open. It's basically like Star Tours with more interactive features, you will feel like you are really controlling the ship with a dependable crew. Although it saves a lot of time by being a single rider, it still worth the wait since you can see the whole Falcon on the general waiting route. Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance is not yet opened. I heard people say that it will open in 2020.   Disney always have great merchandise, and this time you will have a chance to build your own lightsaber ($199) and droid (R2 or BB, $99). Yes, both of these cost a lot, but when I found I can actually control the droid to make it roll and \"speak\" just like what they do in the movie, I think it absolutely worth the cost.  They also serve blue milk here. About the flavor, I shared some with a guy nearby and he said it taste like... blue, and that is already the most precise word we have to describe this drink. To be honest, I personally like butterbeer from Universal Studio more. But who cares about the taste - we are here to enjoy Luke's favorite drink from Tatooine.  Besides the new attractions, some classic ones also have changes due to the acquisition of Star Wars series and the open of Galaxy's Edge. You might noticed that Space Mountain had become Hyperspace Mountain having some Star Wars plots and the space fight. Other rides now have a less waiting time - it only takes less than 20 minutes for Star Tour even in Sunday afternoon. With this you can enjoy them in a slow, relaxing pace.  If you are a Star Wars fan, now if the time to visit here. If you just like the classic Disney characters, you will also have a chance to enjoy a relaxed day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Terrible experience trying to get into park today. Had purchased 6 tickets on Disneyland website. After waiting in line for 20 mins to get in, tickets were rejected. Evidently the purchase was stopped on the Disneyland website but failed to notify me the purchase did not go through. It didn't even hit my credit card as they would have called with any suspicion of fraud. I received no notification via email but did get a confirmation on the day of purchase and printed tickets 2 days later. Still do not understand what occurred and why I wasn't notified until in line in front of many people making me feel like a criminal try to sneak into Disneyland. On top of everything our whole family of about 16 are here celebrating my daughter's 30th birthday. Sad way to start the day. Way to go Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Monday April 29, took my orderly mom in her wheelchair to DC and Disneyland. Never seen this place this busy on Monday. On top of that the system they have of 1 ticket per hour for an ( handicap) entry was ridiculous. Most of the time it took me more than 1 hour to push her (150lb) and navigate in the have traffic from ride to ride. At one point I was at the hunted mansion, having a cry for being told that we need to go back to the other ride before I could even get a entry ticket. Thanks to only one employee a young man that realized exhaustion I was and let us go in. I am almost positive that this will be her last visit. I just want it for her to have a good time and not feel like Disneyland thinks we are avoiding the long lines. Sorry Mickey Mouse but this was a very exhausting and emotionally tiring day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland! Now that we have renewed our annual passes we attend nearly every week.  I noticed that Disney has been more cultural sensitive and has been celebrating diversity with events. It is awesome. The Christmas festival blew my mind and now the lunar New year is such a wonderful experience.  Maintenance and cleanliness has always been important and on point. It really is worth every penny and wait lines.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland really messed my family over today. I'm a 5th grade teacher and I was gifted free tickets to the park for helping to turn around and especially difficult student. It's just one of those things that people do to thank teachers because they acknowledge that we don't make a ton of money for the amount of work that we do. We were very excited about this day and had been waiting for just the right moment to use our tickets. When we got to the front of the line, they said that the tickets are already been used! After quite a bit of waiting, they sent me over to guest relations. Guest relations was quite bizarre. They told me a lot of stuff about how their employees sell tickets and to crack down on it they are never going to reissue a ticket that it already been used. They could see from the photo they take of everybody that walks through the place that it wasn't us who had previously used the tickets. The person at guest relations acknowledged that it wasn't a picture of us, but then they went on to impugn the Integrity of their own employee. And asked me a lot of bizarre questions like what's his middle name. Like I'm going to know one of my students parents middle name. We will definitely never be going to Disneyland again. And I know that Walt Disney would have been rolling over in his grave if he could have seen how they were talking to me, with my kid crying in the background. Disneyland, I know that you're too big to care. And it's not like our family lives in war-torn Syria or something, but you sure did wreck one of the last days of summer for my kid.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland really needs better employees who respect all customers regardless of their ethnicity. I showed a Disneyland employee my fast passes before initially entering the park. She explained that all I would have to do is show the employee at the ride before getting on. We go to the Dumbo attraction to be treated like criminals. Upon showing my fast passes the Disneyland employee immediately stated they should not be taking them with a accusatory reaction and loud tone of voice, which was embarrassing to my entire family. As I tried to speak to Kaitlin she ignored me and held onto my passes without asking me if it was okay. She kept my passes and ran over to have her co-workers to have them call it in immediately like she had prime suspects.   I ended up being interrogated by being asked for the envelope, letter, and if the person addressed on the envelope was actually me instead asking to see my ID. I was not being spoken to kindly and in fact another female employee who got involved asked if I could understand her four times repeatedly without a smile and stated it in a very harsh manner just to be condescending towards me. I was so upset that I let her know that I did not appreciate how I was being treated. It took well over twenty minutes for them to get it resolved. We were never given an apology of any kind. My kids stood and watched this interaction in horror and even one of my kids asked to leave the park repeatedly for being made to feel so uncomfortable by the Disneyland employees.   To make matter worse we were asked to move along every time we tried to look at the Pixar parade because my child adores Disney Movies. Disneyland had an entire section blocked off for the parade and stated it was just for their VIP customers. My son stood up on a curb and was told he could not stand there but a white customer was not asked to move. Each time we tried to get in a line to meet character we were told to come back later or to go somewhere else at a later time to meet them. The characters we did meet were not all that kind, which were only two. Our food was horrible because the burger was cold and portions were extremely small for the price. Disneyland was not as clean as you would have thought is should have been either for what they are charging. We bought a mist fan that had a crack in it and had to look through to find one that was not soiled with stains on it. Many of the employees were not approachable and would not even speak to you but I would observe them speaking to other patrons with kindness who were not black or a person of color before we approached them.   Our Disneyland experience was so bad that we did not stay until closing and did not use up our fast passes, which was only for four rides.   As I tried to buy me a ice cream sundae I could not even be treated with respect because the cashier, Rachel at Gibson Girl Ice Cream was so mean and rude to me. After she took my order she pushed my receipt to me in a very nasty manner. She never thanked me for doing business or anything. She never greeted me with a smile either for Disneyland to be know as the 'HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH' because I left this place feeling like it was the most depressing place on earth. I was very upset when I left and had no one to speak to regarding the poor customer service and inhuman treatment me and my family suffered at this place. When I tried to tell another employee when she asked how was our visit she began smiling almost like she wanted to laugh but what I stated to her was far away from being funny. Many of Disneyland's employees are unprofessional, unfriendly, and mostly intolerant of black customers.   They were very mean to the point of coming across wicked. I want a full refund because we were treated horribly while visiting Disneyland in Anaheim, CA this past Monday. I am really a nice person and usually could ignore some things but this was unbelievable. We did not get our monies worth because of how poorly the visit was getting as time went on. So we left earlier than we expected to. I had to leave this review because there was no other way for me to report this to a professional person who was capable of taking my review seriously. Why ask if it does not matter Disneyland?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Yeah - can't decide :\" Do I want my three hundred dollars back or just the day?\" \u00a0The sheer multitude of humanity made it impossible to move, let alone go on a ride. Two hour lines for rides...but plenty of gift shops. Everywhere. Miserable experience and childhood memory destroyed. So \"yuck!\" Also, no way is this safe - \u00a0if something bad happened here there would be no way to evacuate - We, literally could not move forward because of the mass of people,,, and we were there on a non-holiday Wednesday!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love the theam park and great customer service and people and was and \u00a0great customer service and great food", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Last night I after going through the the normal bag check before entering the park, I was told to go through an additional second check. \u00a0I was surprised by this second check and not happy! \u00a0They made me empty my pockets and go through a metal detector like at the airport. \u00a0I set off the alarm twice so I was then wanded by the security person. \u00a0 I felt this was totally unnecessary process. \u00a0By the way I was dressed you can tell it would be very hard to hide something. \u00a0Security has to have a little common sense when asking people to go through additional checks upon entering an amusement park. \u00a0By the volume of people entering the bag check is sufficient. If they security personnel feel someone is a potential terrorist, they should just deny entry which they can do. When people go to a amusement park they are rushing to get inside the park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I mean, come on, it's Disneyland! It's a magical place, and unless you hate amusement parks, you're bound to have a great time. Biggest down falls of course are, it's expensive &amp; crowded. Given how huge Disney is in our culture though, these seem impossible to avoid, so I won't get caught up in that. I have been to Disney World 3 times, and this was my first time going to Disneyland, and I liked being able to compare the different yet similar experiences they both have. Disneyland is like a much smaller Magic Kingdom, they even have most of the same rides. I live both parks, but here's how I would break it down Disneyland: smaller &amp; easier to navigate, better weather since it isn't swampy, longer hours so more opportunities to park hop or leave for a rest, would recommend starting here with young children as opposed to Disney World. Disney World is pretty magical given how secluded it is, and the grandiose size is incredible to take in. I obviously recommend both, but if you are taking young kids, Disneyland brings all the magic, without having to trek through huge parks, and you can make a shorter trip out of it. Saves you stress and dollars! Big Thunder Mountain, Haunted Mansion, Indian Jones, &amp; the teacups are some of my favorite rides in the park! Get to the park right as they open, and you can avoid long lines for the first hour or so. We also purposefully planned our trip during their \"value\" season. Disney does a great job of creating a calendar that helps you see when their peak season is (most expensive tickets), regular season (middle price), and value (cheapest). For a 3 day ticket for 2 people in the value season cost $420 ($70/day/person) now they are in peak season, and that would cost you $600 now ($100/day/person) and that's without adding park hopping. If you plan right, you can find cheap plane tickets, and save money on tickets by going in the value season. It's still fairly crowded at the park, so still expect some lines. Disney also allows you to bring snack and food into the park, so you can save money on food there! We splurged and did one fancy meal, and even though it's pricey, they serve you quality food! If you plan it right, you can save some dollars, and have a magical time with your family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Paid $100 park opened at later time and closed earlier ..... Most of the rides were shut down. So why did I pay full price. Workers in fantasyland were quite rude. Will never come back again!!!! I'd rather give my money to universal.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hell on earth... I can't explain enough how upset I am at how Disneyland handles the security check points. The SOP is to make the parent push the stroller between the metal detectors and leave the children to return to the other side and walk through the detectors where the parent is then subject to the normal stress of belt removal, wand and frisk. All this while our kids are behind a wall of security personnel, out of our control and we are effectively restrained from access. This is not pleasant, this is not appropriate, this is not acceptable. I would have lost my temper at the time if I had chose to deal with this in person and days later I'm still fuming. \u00a0I'm glad my daughter didn't choke on her snack or something while I was restrained from my child or this would be catastrophic. As it is this is just example of the \"Happiest Place on Earth\" being this parents living HELL!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I purchased a ticket from Disneyland and I, along with my family were very displeased with our visit to the park on 12/29/16. The first ride (Haunted Mansion) we stood in line for at 12:00pm closed, after waiting in the line for 40 minutes. The Disney staff told us that the ride was not working and it would take an hour to fix. Then at 3:30pm we waited in line for, \"It's a Small World,\" and at about 4:05-4:15pm we were told that that ride was not operating and we had to leave the line. Again wasting 40-45 minutes of our time. This was also a ride we were truly anticipating on taking the kids on.   We also had 6 fast passes for the Indiana Jones ride from 7:35-8:35pm. We got to line at 7:25pm and the fast pass line was 45 minutes long. It does not end there. During the fire works show at 9:30pm the music randomly shut off and there was a malfunction with the sound system.   As a child me and my family went to Disneyland 2x a year and we always enjoyed our time. However, this past experience on 12/26/16 was awful, to say the least.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "HELL.  ON.  EARTH.  I mean, people that come here want to have fun with their families that they created one drunken night in the back of a domestic sedan of some sort... or better-fucking-yet a pickup truck. \u00a0No one that comes here really wants to be here... at least no one over 12. \u00a0At least they shouldn't... who the fuck wants to hang with parents and mid-westerners?  Hope and expectations? \u00a0Not for old Thadd L.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This resort continues to struggle with their level of security.  Since they have \"tightened security,\" their security policies and procedures have gotten worse.  Numerous times, they have failed to find pocket knives, and failed to properly search strollers and children sitting on strollers.  I have brought it up to numerous security supervisors, and they just shrug their shoulders and say, \"oh well, Sir.\"   Yet they don't let off-duty law enforcement officers who are properly trained to carry a concealed weapon into the park because \"it's dangerous.\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Its Disney need i say more! Wonderful place! Fun for all ages. Love taking my parents and sometimes my mom doesn't like getting on the rides and still has a blast", "rating": 5}, {"text": "RIP off!!! Prices going up all the time they are thinking of themselves to highly now taking advantage of people.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "**LGBT RELATED REVIEW**  My boyfriend took me to Disneyland for three days. We stayed at the Disneyland hotel as well during the course of our stay.   I had a phenomenal time at both parks, my boyfriend is a huge Disney fan and booked us lots of special events and dinners while at the park. For all LGBT people thinking about going to the park with your loved one, DO IT. My boyfriend and I were holding hands and enjoying our fun and romantic weekend together and did not get a single stare, no gawking or pointing, no laughing or comments. It was amazing. I even told him that I was sort of shocked that I actually felt like I/we fit in. The staff was very kind and none of them treated us different. But this review is primarily about the welcoming environment that Disneyland has created for their visitors. They even have pride sections in a lot of their stores.   Please go to Disneyland, you will feel at ease and most of all, have FUN!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "There are so many reasons to be a Disney-hater these days. The original dream of Walt has died along with him. Overpriced entry fees, merchandise and food, severe overcrowding, poor parking, rude characters and cast members are just to name a few. The Disney corporation has gotten so big it forgot what it was founded all about. With all their money I simply cannot understand why they don't build multiple U.S. parks to free-up the severe overcrowding in Southern California. Texas, Illinois, Nebraska, New Mexico and Kansas are cheap land viable options to allow people to once again visit the Magic Kingdom in a single day. Which is impossible to do here in our Disneyland. I have been here all my life and also a former Disney cast member and it is so hard to recommend Disneyland to anyone coming from out of town these days. On any given weekend day they get to ride maybe three or four rides. Disneyland is not a vacation anymore - it's non-stop stress. If you are younger than 30 you have never really experienced the real Magic Kingdom. This is a company that made $ 2.1 Billion $ in profit last year -- their guests deserve better!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "All the good rides are closed. Thunder mountain, \u00a0splash mountain, \u00a0Tom \u00a0Saywer ride closed, monorail, Indiana Jones. All closed, feel a bit ripped off. Check these rides before coming. We are leaving 6 hours and 2 rides later, \u00a0just don't wad want to wait in line for 95 minutes. \u00a0Worst experience ever.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I mean, I'm not gonna bad mouth my home. Where do I start? The only complaint I have is that most of the time it seems like there's an abundance of people who think they own the place, yea, this is my house, you guys just visit. I just always have to remember what Papa Walt said, \"Let these hoes come and go, they keep the lights on. Fuck em.\"", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland~~ How could you not love it? \u00a0Yes, it can get crowded and it can be expensive, however, they always go above and beyond to make the experience magical. \u00a0The attention to detail is what makes a true difference. \u00a0We go a few times a month and it is always nice to escape reality and have a day of fantasy and of course Mickey Mouse.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The crowd control staff here is very rude. I didn't appreciate being treated like cattle. If I didn't have kids, I would never come here.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "One of my favorite places to visit when I just want to get away from reality. I can never get tired of the parades &amp; firework shows.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This guy is so rude. His name is Josh and he works at the pretzel stand by small world. We asked him if the pretzels had cream cheese in them but he was so busy talking to his coworker to answer us. Then when we figured it didnt, we wanted to return it but he said we already ate it. He said we should of figured ourselves already. We asked for a manager and he said go find one. Not good for that Disneyland 'happiest place on Earth' vibe", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland Park is becoming ridiculous the lines are out rages even getting through security is ridiculous not to mention the food and the dining is terrible you would expect better food for the prices your paying. Basically I paid a lot of money just to stand in line and eat horrible food thanks Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Please do be aware of individuals that pickpockets guest at Disneyland. My wife was violated by and individual that actually took her phone at of her pocket. She was wearing and oversize fleece pull over that extended past her pocket, with it being a cold day along with a back pack adjusted to rests on her hips over her pocket and they still manage to Rob her. So being at the Happiest Place On Earth was not the experience she had. Disney needs to have undercover security in the crowds,, to observe types of behavior from other that may target others. Examples are Watch out for people that make a scene, Be aware of those that try to get close to you, Keep an eye out for people trying to make a conversation, Be cautious of anyone trying to blend in. Also have cameras that actual can be seen, to deter any one doing something caught on camera. \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0   Thank you. S. Burton", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Brought our birthday boy and birthday girl for the first time. We were received with smiles from all the staff, very helpful in answering all our first time questions,lol having the MaxPass made the day much easier. Not as crowded as I heard of. Would definitely come back if it wasn't for the ticket prices :(  Thank you for making my children's day special with every \"Happy Birthday\" they got :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Annual passholder here and this is the best amusement park ever! There is so much to do for the whole family, friends, couples, solo and everything else. The rides are not scary thank goodness and stuff everyone can enjoy. If you are not a ride person there are several shows and parades around the park.   Food is an another level here. It's not your typical faire food. Yes they have burgers and funnel cake but the speciality funnel cakes and churros are in a category in it's own. Then they have an amazing French dip at French quarter. I always get 2 au jus though as the cups are small. And the poutine at red rose tavern is good but wish they had og poutine too.   The lines are not an hour wait unless you are there around xmas. Utilize fastpass or maxpass and you'll be fine. I can do 20 rides a day easy. And I do recommend maxpass. Look into it.  Parking is $25 but your car will be safe so dont try to find st parking (you wont).   Take pictures you can never have too many and you never know when a character will walk by. They do a lot at fantasyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth. Absolutely cannot wait until they open again. Many many memories created here to last a lifetime.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The best amusement park in the world!! \u00a0There is no place like and the everything is always so well maintained and safe.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Very disappointed in my visit today. Most of the crew was rude. Most of the rides we went there for were temporary closed or had issues where they might be open later. The list included pirates, haunted mansion, railroad, hyperspace, monorail, and more. There were a total of 13 rides listed on the app that said they were all temporarily closed. I am sorry but I paid over $100 for each ticket and rode 3 rides because everything else was closed or broke already once then reopened to a 95 minute wait time.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love Disney!!! \u00a0Disneyland has little bits of Disney World rides. \u00a0Their Halloween is \"Not too scary\" with a separate admission price. \u00a0It's focus is for younger kids. \u00a0All the Disney parks have mix of rides from their other parks. \u00a0You have not graduated from being a kid without going to a Disney park!! \u00a0:_)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "People directing with lights during parade were VERY RUDE I was so sad and disappointed with the park. So frustrated especially after you pay almost 100$. I'd give the workers no stars. Get your stuff together Disneyland workers!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I always have a magical day at Disney! I love how majority of the workers are extremely happy to be there and even the workers picking up trash are happy! The staff is always friendly and the park is always clean. I'm very happy to be able to come and experience the magic over and over again. Thanks for making my time here so special! You are doing amazing job with everything! Also, loved the parades and fantastic.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland parking usually I'm neutral about, but got diverted to a lot off Harbor. Once I got to Harbor it took 45 minutes to go 800 ft to turn into the lot, so it took me an hour an a half to park because once I was diverted to a different lot the signs stopped telling you where to go. So I had to look up available lots. Then they didn't have enough buses running so if I would have waited in line for the bus. It would have taken another 45 minutes \u00a0for a 15 min walk. Very disconcerting and frustrating. Magic begins with a positive entry and this was frustrating considering the overall cost of this park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Um hello it's the happiest place on Earth! Yes it gets so crowded to the point where you can only get on like 2/3 rides but I still enjoy myself enough to continue coming back. If I am on a budget, I'll go across the street to McDonald's or Denny's to eat. I recommend going during January, February and September. Those seem to be the slow months.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Apparently disney stopped giving a crap? So I went to disneyland the other day with my boyfriend to celebrate his birthday and when we went to the park went to guest services to get a handy cap pass as previously explained in a phone call to me by a cast member, when I arrive I am told if I want any sort of help with my disability I need to pay to rent a wheel chair even though my disability does not require me to have one so I tell the cast member we will be back later because we have reservations in the park we needed to be on time for so we leave. Next we find out that you have to book the rise of skywaker ride way in advance so didnt end up being able to do that which my boyfriend was really looking forward to, next we go try to eat at a restaurant I have been to and have never needed reservations for and they are almost completely empty except 5 people and were turned away to go eat at the jolly holiday restrant which I had my food taken back because it is all pre made and not fresh casing all the food to be a soggy mess so I go on for the day not eating so either you need a reservation for everything and plan your day to the dot or have a really crappy one not worth the price of even one ticket. So I go to guest services at the end if the day and ask to speak to a manager and no one could present one,I'd pay the price of two tickets to have this experience graced from my memories. One star is too many to give them it's a shame, I used to love coming to disney and now seems like even the employees hate their life", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's the happiest place on earth! Of course this deserves all the 5 stars in the world!! As an annual pass holder ( I don't live in CA ) it's always a great experience visiting! Especially this year with Pixar Fest at California Adventure! A lot of the old rides have been revamped for the newer generations which i think is pretty cool! Alcoholic beverages are on the pricey side of Disney in my opinion, but geez they are so sweet and tangy in a good way!! All the shows and parades are so flamboyant, It's truly magical! All characters and staff are the friendliest and happiest to be around. The restaurants are all at a decent price, as for the snacks, the tiki room's Dole Whip is my all time favorite!!! Also the giant turkey leg!! Loads of family rides and some thrill rides too! I love coming here! Especially during Christmas! Disneyland has never once disappointed me or my family!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My mom has Multiple Sclerosis, is restricted to a wheelchair, and hasn't gone into Disneyland in about 12 years. When I was a kid they used to let handicapped people in through exits. Apparently, that rule changed. Now we have to maneuver tight lines and get cut in front of by pushy, overheated, and overcrowded people. My mom gets to sit with other people's butts hanging in her face for 45 minutes at a time. Very disappointing and a huge step in the wrong direction by Disney. She used to love it here but, unfortunately, it looks like this was her last visit.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We grew accustomed to level of magic that can be enjoyed by most, but during the past few years I have seen Disney take every opportunity to squeeze out the joy and money from its easy to please fans. I've seen parking poorly managed, attractions rise and fall with every new movie, and now even the comfortable seats within off the page was replaced with hard benches to ensure that a viewer might only sit and watch for a few minutes before the seat does a number on your gluteus. I will not be excited to go back to this place, because whenever I do, I am subjected to the obvious attempts to leech and manipulate those who actually fund and support your empire.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "All the negatives are there but if you know what you're doing you can avoid all lines except Peter Pan for some strange reason. The food is much better than a decade ago. Prices are crazy high--stock up on water and snacks at Costco before you go.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The security guard Christian is very racist and rude made the day for my daughter and myself a very horrible experience.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Walt Disney surely is turning over in his grave! The Magic Kingdom has surely lost its magic! The Disney experience has been canabalized by corporate greed and a flood of annual passes from local folks. Both California Adventure and Disneyland are fully overcrowded and it feels like you are in the zombie apocalypse and you will be eaten alive!   Just to get through the security line takes 45 minutes, once through that line, it's another 45 minutes to get through the ticket line and actually enter a park. I'm sure the corporate CFO has an office high above it all and slobbers all over his suit and tie as suckers like me just keep rolling in and spending a wheelbarrow full of money!  The fast pass system is fully broken, and just clogs everything down for everyone! At least 1 to 2 hour waits for rides. You will literally not even be able to move in this park, it's wall to wall zombies lurching over one another. I remember that not too long ago this was a truly magical place to visit. Do yourself a favor, and stay away, it's nothing but an expensive nightmare.  How so very very sad that corporate greed has once again spoiled a wonderful experience!! \u00a0Shame on you Disney Corp!  The only bright side of our trip was enjoying the company of our 11 year old grandson in the wait lines. Sorry to be a buzz kill, but this is the truth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It is more mindful visit Disneyland Park, but not Disneyland Adventure Park. Park has more entertainment and less Disney characters to my surprise. I was expecting to see more Disney animated people. I don't understand why employees so rude and mean to guests??? If Disneyland staff of Los Angeles don't solve the problem they will lose guests no matter how or what good they are. Because people come here to rest and relax and not to please employees!!!!!! Please Disneyland improve yourself.  P.S. Don't recommend it!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So I heard you wanna go to Disneyland for the day. Do you really want to pay anywhere between $97-135 for a single day pass? Or would you rather submit a single $147 down payment and pay $30-95 a month on an annual pass? Let's be real here, you'd choose the latter like myself. I have a Disney Signature Passport and I pay roughly $65 a month for it. When you pay that much for admission, get 15% off select dining, 20% off select merchandise, admission to both parks, AND free parking, it essentially pays itself off especially when you go at least 1-2 times every month. It'll actually pay itself off if you simply go every 1.5-2 months, but if you're like me you can't wait that long.  Disneyland is a theme park so the lines are going to be obnoxiously long at times. Grab an ice cold water or lemonade on a hot day when the lines are long and simply wait until it's your turn. It really isn't as bad as people make it out to be. If you have screaming children, you might prove me otherwise, but it's definitely doable. If you'd rather not sit in these lines, there's fast passes that are available at your fingertips. You'll just need to go to the rides and grab a fast pass for a later time. Don't want to do that either? Then do go on peak days, i.e. holidays, weekends, special event days, etc and then resort to writing a bad review on Yelp because you made a bad decision. The best part of being an annual pass holder is that we can go get dinner at Disneyland, go on one ride, and then go home. I don't have to ask myself if I wasted money.  With all the upgrades they're doing to Disneyland, like adding Star Wars land, there's going to be a little bit of something for every age group. Some rides bring back major nostalgia from when I was younger, and I'm sad to see some go. But you need to keep up with this day and age, so I'm happy they're making their much needed upgrades. It is, after all, the happiest place on earth!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is always the best place to go to during the Christmas Holidays. This time it was extra special because I proposed to my girlfriend. The lights, sounds, smells and overall vibe of Disneyland is just amazing", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Of course one would expect crowds and long lines at Disneyland but this was like no other! We come to the park quite often and used to be season pass holders but after the last few visits we won't be coming again. We went on a Monday and Disney packs everyone in like sardines (see pictures) they have to make every dollar possible off you by cramming in as many as they can. Even the staff was overwhelmed and rude at times. If you are coming with someone who is handicap then also good luck to you! One person in our party was in a wheelchair and only wanted to go on a couple rides.. one being pirates.. they gave us a return time ticket and asked us to come back an hour later.. ok no problem... we waited and came back to the handicap line being longer than the standby line even tho we technically already waited our spot in line. So here we are standing in an over hour long line with people hobbling on broken legs and people in wheelchairs and other medical issues waiting in line (in the sun) for over an hour. We brought up our concerns and disappointment with several staff members and they said all the return time ticket holders must have decided to come at the same time (ummm no I'm sorry you issued too many tickets for the same return time, not the guests fault) then they blamed it on handicap taking too long to get in the boat (again maybe you should have spread out our return times). Then my husband and I were sitting eating lunch and someone in a nearby table had a seizure and fell to the ground.. he had no family with him and other guests who saw were screaming. I'm a nurse and my husband is a medic so of course we went over to help the guy until Disney ems could get there. After that was over we found our group who was sitting on Main Street curb while we decided what we wanted to do.. no more than 5 minutes later a Disney employee comes over and tells us we can't sit here and must move on because we can only wait for a parade closer to the time. Thanks for nothing Disney and you're welcome for helping one of your guests. Also, if you want to watch the parade they only let people on the curb sit so everyone else must stand the whole time.. so if you have little kids not on the curb they will have a hard time seeing the parade once they force everyone to stand 15 min before parade and throughout the whole parade.. they do this so they can sardine as many people in. So all in all... good luck if you decide to go to Disneyland and may the odds be ever in your favor!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't love Disneyland. So much entertainment- you can't be bored here. Something for everyone to do! Unique shows experiences and food. Pricey of course. My ONLY complaint is that pass members have to pay for parking. Cmon you're already paying for a pass (no matter which one, it's still a pass) and it's unfair that only the more expensive passes come with parking privileges.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always a great experience. Amazing entertainment, fun activities and rides, great atmosphere. I was fortunate to renew my pass and have had wonderful visits at the park. As a younger child, I didn't visit Disneyland much; only if my school attended as a field trip or some very special occassion. But now having an opportunity as an adult to attend the park, I really appreciate amd cherish each visit. Hopefully the Disney company doesn't get too greedy and retains annual passes via payment plan because it has become more and more expensive to visit the park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My happiest place on Earth! That is for sure I go weekly it's our tradition (my best friend and I) to go and grab a pretzel with cheese and then enjoy our day. At the most magical place on Earth!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I was so hesitant to come here this day. Ticket prices are exorbitant now. Like $600+ for a family of five. But I lost the battle &amp; begrudgingly went and let me tell u, it was freaking magical peeps.  Yes, it was insane crowded but somehow still doable. Here's the trick: - use fast pass ticket option when u can  - download the Disney app &amp; uae it to order &amp; prepay for food  - go to a parade &amp; try to get a seat. It's soooo amazing to see characters up close.  - do one park a day. Don't be insane.   We visited Mickey, Minnie &amp; took pics with them. Wowww. Really really nice.  Food was great. I compared it to Hershey park where we were in the early fall &amp; there's no comparison, Hershey is sadly a dump in comparison. We'll be back soon.    It really is the most magical place on earthy.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "a place where any adult can bring out there child in them .. best memories where created here as my boys grew up being disney kids.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always a fun time going to Disneyland! We took advantage of a special Disney online promotion price multi day tickets. Saved us about 350.00 dollars for 4 day park tickets. What can I say about the park, it's always fun to visit! Can get busy, but still tons of fun. Quiet during early morning hours, gets busy around 11 AM, we spent 4 days and everyday it would get busy around 11-12. Download the Disneyland app, and I recommend paying the extra 15.00 a day per ticket for maxpass. It allows you to reserve a ride on your phone instead of walking all the way to a ride to get a physical fast pass. Will make you day so much easier as far as rides are concerned.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Girls trip to Disneyland and totally recommend Halloween! \u00a0Unbelievable how impressive the decorations were and can't even imagine what it could be like for Christmas! \u00a0Disney knows how to do it right! \u00a0Park visitors had Halloween costumes or Halloween shirts and music throughout the park. Every shop had decorated from food souvenirs to clothing to get you in mood!! \u00a0Recommend! \u00a0Happy Halloween!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "OMG! I had the BEST time EVER! \u00a0Just wow! I had not visited the park in over 25 years. I honestly felt the ticket price was over rated and plain stupid. Yes- I am cheap and middle aged. Most of my staff have annual passes and go monthly.  When they invited me - I was very skeptical. Like - this is a pity invite for sure! To top it off I do not like roller coasters.  Well ...... not anymore!! I had a complete B-L-A-S-T-! The key - to having the Most wonderful adventure is: 1. Going with an expert! 2. Buying the $15 fast pass 3. Drinking 4. Being adventurous  5. Taking your time Although we still did not see everything- we never waited more than 15 minutes for ANY ride!  We managed to go on: Guardians of the Galaxy, Haunted Mansion, Cars, Matterhorn, Thunder Rapids, The log ride, Pirates of the Caribbean and Watch 2 shows. Have lunch and drinks, and dinner and shop. Whew! Plus meet Cruella. An amazing day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland gets more expensive every year but it's still the best theme park around. I go as often as I can. So much to do for the entire family. Attractions, shows, characters, shopping, dining, and other entertainment abound. The cast members in Disneyland Park really care about their guests and want to make your visit magical! Yes, WDW is much larger with more parks to visit, but you just can't beat Walt's dream, the original Disneyland!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "There is a lot to complain about if you micromanage every aspect of the multimillion dollar entertainment theme park, but the culture from the employees and the condition of the (quite old) facility is unmatched. Expect long lines. Strollers and slow walking people with no etiquette and still have a place that's magical. Monsters to milfs, gangsters to girls. Disney is still awesome.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland Park is an amazing place, a place for kids to enjoy. It's always fun on the way there and back from the shuttle, but regardless of the park, today was a bit off with our driver of the bus 2125.  After a fun night at Disneyland, my dad decided to get my cousin and sister a Starbucks tall hot chocolate on the way out. Me and my sister finished our drink before getting to the bus, but my cousin was far from done. We arrive to the bus where my parents and cousin and sister enters. On the way in the bus driver tell my cousin in a stern voice,\"No drink on the bus, policy!\" Which was very odd, because he would have a sign saying that if it was policy, right?... but anyway, he works for Disney, he should of acted calmer and nicer to my cousin(who's only 8) and cause a scene with himself and my family. Then processed to say he isn't leaving the bus stop at Disney until she throws it away, to where the point my Dad and multiple people yelled at him saying it's not nice to cause my cousin to cry and causing a big deal about it. I would like to thank the passengers that spoke up and defended us, especially the man in the black and orange jacket for protecting my family and cousin from being harassed. The man in the jacket asked why he had to tell her to throw away the cup, to which the driver replied,\"It took me 1 hour to clean up a mess.\" Being the responsible mom she is, my mom promise to clean up the mess, still the man kept complaining how she wouldn't and how it will take a long time to clean it, that's when the passengers that got involved started to complain that it will take no longer than 10 mins. At this point the driver is dead silent, the passengers including my family are all mad at the driver for keeping us all at the stop/and harassing the poor child. When we all got off, the man in the jacket step up and decided to help us by complaining to the bus stop employee about the driver's behavior. Other employees came up to my mom telling us how the will help and what he did wrong. From the start this driver could of asked nicely for us to hold it throw away the cup, instead of harassing and verbally abusing my little cousins. Disney advisers, if you see this, please look into this and take action for this one employee on the night of 2/8 around 10:30 pm on the bus 2125, because the driver had no right to even lay a finger on my cousins  Sincerely, A very angered teen", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Having just recently moved to Southern California, I was considering getting an annual pass to go with my family and bf. I bought a 3-day pass to try it out with them. After our experience the last couple days, I can definitively say that this was not the experience I remember from my childhood and I will NEVER be wasting my money on an annual pass. The parking is atrocious - after leading you on a wild goose chase over Harbor and Katella, they force you to park in Convention Center parking, wait in line and take a bus to the park, all of which takes about an hour. We were cut in line while waiting for the bus, because there is no line control and everyone is in a frenzy thing to get to the park. When we finally arrived, the park was extremely overcrowded and the rides we wanted to go on were closed or broken, including the Matterhorn and Space Mountain. \u00a0We tried to use my bf's annual pass to buy a t-shirt and pay for it with my cc, and it was a disaster. The park employee was adamant that his pass could only be used with my bf's cc, even though he was present with his ID. Although the park is truly magical for kids, it just isn't worth the headache for the price of a season pass. Every child should see Disneyland at least once. \u00a0Beyond that, getting a season pass is a waste of time and money.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Being an AP member I better love Disneyland and guess what? I DO!! This is my place to go on the weekends, my happy place after a stressful week of work. I come here for Star Wars, walking and treats and I am absolutely aware of the crowds/prices so that isn't an issue for me. Disneyland is a world of magick if you allow it to be.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The one star isn't for the park itself but for the Latino male working in city hall located \u00a0in Disneyland park around 7pm. The reviews about having a disability on here are correct. Because I have a friend with anxiety, who was able to ease it with his disability pass, I thought I should get one for my little cousin with ADHD and anxiety. We went to city hall expecting 0 issues since it's the happiest place on earth, a young Hispanic male approached us, and long story short, told us that he has ptsd and he doesn't put himself in situations that cause it, so he \u00a0was implying that my underage cousin shouldn't be at Disneyland if it causes him anxiety. He said there was nothing they could do to help, and also asked us how many times he goes a month, and how many people go with him. I was pretty much done with him after the ptsd thing because you would think he would be more empathetic if that's the case, so in order to not cause a scene and give my cousin an anxiety attack, I removed both of us from that situation. Ive never cut someone off and left before, so that left me thinking if I did the right thing because Im never those people at places to cause a scene. However, soon after I realized it was correct because my cousin came out of there shaking and talking about seeing 3 therapists and why the cast member would belittle his disability. The sad part, is that I had just told a family with a child with autism they should get a disability pass to help them out. Based on my experience, and previous reviews, I hope they don't do it because it doesn't matter if \u00a0it's a visible disability or an invisible one, I see some employees don't care and will belittle it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is so over priced. They literally rip you off from the cost of admittance to the price of food and drinks to the price of parking. Forget about buying a season pass. Unless your rich and don't care about throwing away money. The lines for the rides are so long. Minimum average time to get on space mountain is about 2 hours give or take. It's sad how they take advantage of foreigners coming to America to visit this place.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Horrible experience. \u00a0The security is ridiculous. Took 2 hours to get in. \u00a0Ticket taker was rude and arrogant. \u00a0Place was not clean and polished how it used to be. \u00a0To 'cooperate'. Obviously they care only about money. \u00a0Not even a discount for senior citizens. \u00a0Definitely no longer the \"Happiest Place on Earth.\" Walt would be ashamed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My happy place! \u00a0I love feeling like a kid with my husband and enjoying what my kids enjoy  Everyone should definitely try the new thing they're doing in California adventure with different cultures food tasting (so good), and love what Disney is adding with star wars and marvel!  However, I do wish the Aladen show was still playing instead of the frozen one. I'm not a fan of the new play.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Smugglers run is a hit but the controls for the pilots are sticky and moist. Ewwww. We did enjoy the fireworks show. Disneyland needs to do something with their resort. Build a new one I say.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love this park!!! Most Submissive park out there... Best rides... Space Mountain, Haunted Mansion, Splash Mountain. If you want a different experience go during the holidays \"October-December\" and the haunted mansion is completely changed!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The park is just too crowded. Parking is too expensive at $20 (even if I just want to visit for 2 hrs).  The workers here just don't think and just follow orders. \u00a0The last time we went we were directed to go into a crowd to exit (there are two ways to exit). \u00a0Nope, it just makes sense to send people jam packed into the slow pathway.  Ask to be seated at a waitlist restaurant, but they don't update you when a table is ready.  Disneyland is anything but the fairytale dream they try to sell. \u00a0They're a marketing machine that is the ultimate representation of Corporate wealth.  Churros are now almost to $5. \u00a0A day pass is easily over $100. \u00a0  There are free alternatives to going to disneyland. \u00a0Especially if you want decent service and better food.  I'm going to spend my time going to the local park or going to a free museum where my kids can learn about history and how to treat other people nicely. \u00a0Again, isn't it ironic, everyone is buying into Disneyland full well knowing they're one of the biggest corporations.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The customer service &amp; hospitality is beyond compare. Also, I love being called princess. \u00a0World class accommodations, amazing food, &amp; warm, genuine smiles make me happy", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Of course 5 star! It's disney!!! You can't go wrong it's a place for adults to be kids again. Fun for all ages! Can't wait to go again!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Most magical \u00a0place on earth and a fun place to work :) This is where dreams come true for every generation. I can't wait for my future kids to experience that same joy as I have and still do.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Simply the original theme park that started it all. \u00a0Disney magic exists in this great park even after 60 plus years later. \u00a0The addition of MaxPass is now a must have for only 10 bucks! \u00a0Fast passes are quick and easy. \u00a0The free photos are amazing. \u00a0Even if the park is crowded MaxPass makes the park very manageable with minimal wait in lines. \u00a0Be sure to find Peter in his white suit doing is happy clap. \u00a0He will be there everyday in the morning. \u00a0Learn his special handshake. \u00a0This place makes anyone a kid at heart.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It is unfortunate that Disneyland has declined in service and accessibility. The ticket prices are too high and the lines are too long. Disney makes too much money to not improve the experience at their theme parks.   The amount of guests per day should be capped. Issuing fast passes does not address the over crowding.   The quality of employees has gone down, they are not helpful, the restrooms are not kept clean, common areas not kept clean. The food is not good for the cost.   The entire experience is one big disappointment. From the overpriced hotels to the overpriced tickets to the overpriced food and merchandise.   Shame on Disneyland!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Has become a over expensive place, not the place it use to be. Overr crowded, restrooms dirty, expensive food and parking.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The Most Magical Experience one could have. Best place to bring out the inner child in you. So awesome. Perfect time to go, Oct/Nov time. Festive colors. Weather is gorgeous. People are...ehh...everywhere.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This was an awful experience! Spent soooooooooooooooooooo much money and did absolutely nothing! Extremely disappointed! I used to sing for Disneyland and the goal was always to create an amazing experience for all guests and it has completely changed into nothing more than shuffling unhappy cattle!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wonderful experience. The cast members are always knowledgeable and courteous. I'm always amazed at how efficient they are in everything they do. From the parking garage to the food service, etc..", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We came here August 3rd and 4th 2015. I paid $887 on four 2 day Park Hopper tickets. It was the worst two days I have ever witnessed in Disneyland/California adventure. I think every ride in the park must have broken down at least twice on those days. We stood in line for the Cars ride for an hour, as soon as we get to the front of the line The cars ride breaks down. We waited 30 minutes more just to make sure the ride didn't open back up. And I've had many experiences here but this was the worst ever. \u00a0My children had \u00a0more fun at the hotel pool and it didn't cost anything!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The Happiest Place on Earth has left me in foul mood. \u00a0The MaxPass (cost $10 per person) was non-existent and at 11pm I have to \"wait in line\" at guest services to get a refund that can only be done today. So much for the magical Disney experience.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disneyland! There's really not anything not to love.  Be sure to get the official Disneyland app. Wait times, Fast Pass, Photo Pass, maps, dining, shows, etc. can all be found in the app. It was super handy. And the Fast Pass / Photo Pass thing was completely worth it. I really liked being able to book Fast Passes from my phone.  Ticket prices vary slightly by time of year. Be sure to purchase online and beforehand.  TIP: Lyft is supposedly the official ride share of Disney. However, there is little to no signage and the directions (despite selecting an official Lyft drop-off site) don't always lead the driver there. Ugh, my experience was horrid. Like, driving around right there at Disney for nearly an hour. And then spending 30 mins slowly going through the parking garage. So if you're using ride share to get here, do your own research ahead of time and pull up some good directions - and don't be afraid to tell your driver exactly where to go.  Most recently, I finally got to go at Halloween time. It was amazing! I loved the decor and vibe. And I finally got to see Galaxy's Edge. It was epic! And I did it all solo. Yep, just me. Just a child-free, Gen X-er wasting her money and ruining the experience of all those families with small children. Muwhahaha.  But seriously, solo at Disney is awesome. Use those single rider lines. Go just where you want to. Have a blast. It's freaking Disney!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "**Confession** I love everything Disney, so I'm a little biased! But, here are some tips and tricks to make your vacay the best it can be at Disney!!   The time if the year is the key!! Don't go in June!! The park will be hot and crowded! You will wait in 3 hour lines, and be miserable!!! Do some research, figure out the low times (usually fall and January) and go then!! The lines will be much smaller! \u00a0The park will be much emptier!!   Go to the park on rainy days!! NO ONE ELSE WILL BE THERE!!! I love a good rainy Disney day!! Bring a poncho and some good boots, and you will be fine!! And, you will walk onto basically every ride!!   You can bring food in to the park!! I know, shocking!! But they are totally fine with it! \u00a0I always pack snacks and lunch(or dinner), and bring it with us! Then, we can buy one \"Disney snack\" and dinner/lunch in the park. \u00a0On that note, dinner is way more expensive then lunch! \u00a0So, if you want to save a few, hit up the restaurants at lunch, and eat your packed meal for dinner! \u00a0  Snacks!! Disney is covered in them!!! There are some amazing ones!! Must haves for Disney are the dole whip, a corn dog, a pretzel, and a pickle(sounds weird, but their pickles are seriously the best!) to name a few!! There are hundreds \u00a0of blogs dedicated to Disney food! Check one out, hot down a few, and try them!! \u00a0  Disney with kids! \u00a0Bring a stroller!! Even if your kid is about out grown... bring a stroller!! With the crowds, and the lines and the walking, it's a lot on a kiddo! A stroller can give them a little break!! \u00a0Plus... I can carry a ton of crap!! All your lunches... in the stroller!! Extra water bottles... in the stroller!! Jackets... in the stroller!! Instantly you are hands free!! Always bring a stroller!! And bonus tip... tie a scarf to it!! \u00a0Something bright and flashy!!! There can be a sea of grecos a mile long!! It makes life easier if yours is the one with a bright orange scarf on it!!!   Do your restaurant research before hand! \u00a0Please!!! There are so many little hidden nuggets in Disney! You deserve the best! Find them! Reserve them!! Enjoy them!!!   Figure out the fast pass system!! USE IT!!! They have a app... GET IT!!! On the app, you can pay $10 a day to be able to sign up for fast passes on the app... GET IT!! \u00a0And, even tho it says you have to get it for everyone in your party... YOU DONT!! Just get it for one person... and it unlocks it for the whole party. \u00a0 you can sign up everyone without paying for everyone. \u00a0  Taking little ones to Disney for the first time.... be prepared!! \u00a0They are going to get overwhelmed, they are going to get tired! They are going to need some down time!! They could be scared of the characters, they could be more impressed with the ducks then Disney!! It's all ok!!! I always plan for a stroll back to the hotel mid day for a little rest for the Little's!! Let them recharge!! I also have my handy dandy stroller with a scarf tied to it. \u00a0And I have a huge scarf, so I can cover the stroller, with babe in it, and let them have their own little space while strolling. \u00a0  Every time you pass a bathroom, use it!!! And, on that note... drink a ton of water!! It could be warm, you are walking 20,000 steps a day, dehydration is no joke!! Drink it!!! And use the bathrooms!! It will make everyone's day a little better!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "PROS: \u00a0It was Disneyland and my fond memories of our visits when my children were young.   CONS: \u00a0EVERYTHING \u00a0ELSE !!!  I took my family of 8 including my 11 year old twin grandsons who had never been.   I was shocked that you could not park your car at the park and the high cost parking using their buses.   I was shocked at the ridiculously high prices for 1 day tickets.   I was shocked at the high priced, horrible, inedible food. We went to a stand which only sold 3 items for lunch and and at 11:30am were out of 1 item and out of cokes! \u00a0No where in the park did they sell hamburgers or hotdogs which is what most children want! \u00a0No healthy choices at all!  I was shocked that the park would allow so many people in it that you had to wait in line for an hour to an hour and a half for a couple of minute ride! \u00a0What kids have the patience to do that let alone the adults! \u00a0 \u00a0And you could barely see the parades either!  I was shocked that It was so crowded that you could barely walk on the sidewalks or see the store fronts. \u00a0 My grandchildren built 3\" Lego men at one of the stores and they wanted almost $25 each? Mickey ears $25 each? \u00a0 And they don't even sell large sized tshirts at all!   I was shocked that you could barely find the bathrooms.....and when you did there were only a few stalls so you even had to wait in line there too!  My family agreed we all had horrible experiences at this park, including my grandchildren, and we will never visit there again!!! \u00a0   This is NOT anything close to the happiest place on earth anymore!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I really like disney channel and always dream to get to disneyland and my dream finally came true and im so happy and enjoy the time at disney its was so worth it \u00a0and got a stuffed bear from toy story and he really have a smell of strawberry", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Walt Disney should be shamed. His park is nothing but a greedy way to manipulate and disappoint children. How freaks are obsessed with Disney is unbelievable and borderline a mental illness.  Disneyland is TERRIBLE! Hear my words parents, GO ELSEWHERE! If you think it's going to be magical and full of your child's happiness, WRONG! Your child will get excited about something just to have it ripped out of their hands! It's traumatic and terrible. It will leave you angry and them crying them crying the whole time.  Oh! There's Pluto! Let's go say \"hi\"  NOPE  We even paid for the character dining and that experience sucked. We even paid extra to try to appease the Disney gods, nope.  90 minutes to ride the worse cheesy fair ride ever? Yep.  Not a strolling character to be found anywhere. They sit on their thrones in their houses waiting for you to sit in 90 minute lines to see them.  After 4 days, I've resolved to never bring my family back to this place ever again. I wish I had never done it. 7 days in Hawaii would have been a richer experience!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am really upset about COVID-19 it ruined the happiest place on earth \u00a0when it \u00a0reopens I am going to ride all the rides in California adventure park and in Disneyland park Except the scary ones of course #cant wait  To go nuts \u00a0PS thank you all nurses and doctors \u00a0\u200d", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My happy place. So I'm concerned about the many ride malfunctions and light bulbs out. We were there 2 days. Indy, Mansion, Big Thunder, Cars, and Luigi's Roadsters all went down. But the real kicker was while waiting for Rafts, I saw Columbia's mast moving on the other side of the island so I wanted to ride it after exploring the island. But we never even made it on the island. After the raft was boarded, the engine lost reverse. So we got off and heard CMs talking to each other. The other raft needed to go get gas because the Columbia just broke down and needed evacuation. So we watched as the crowd on the island grew and grew. What is going on? Aren't they doing regular maintenance? And what's with all the light bulbs out?", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Truly, \"the Happiest Place on Earth\". \u00a0My favorite place to unwind and see the beauty and vision of Walt Disney. \u00a0I have fond memories of this place with my brother and family. \u00a0It's crowded most days but I love the use of the annual pass to visit for a short time serval times over the course of a year.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Re: Submarine ride only.  Standby line said 5 min, but since we were \u00a0 in the disabled line, it took 30min. Hoping \u00a0 to take GoPro in line, and post on youtube, Very huge disability discrimination lawsuit. Shouldn't punish people for being disabled. Began our wait in line at 10:02am Nov 28, 2015 actual tiime we boarded ride 10:32am Nov 28, 2015.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The best of the best, truly. In my most recent trip to LA I was lucky enough to visit many top amusement/theme parks during my time there. I got to visit Disneyland for a full 3 days and these are my thoughts on the theme park. What can I say that has not already been said? We shall see.   Location: The park is in Anaheim, CA, about 20 or 30 miles East of LA. The setting of the park is great and there are many attractive places to go and eat right outside of Disneyland if you do not want to pay Disney prices for food, although I highly recommend eating at the park at least a few times. My family and I stayed at a good neighbor hotel and it was only about a half a mile walk to the front gates of Disneyland. If you stay further away, there is an Anaheim shuttle that you can take that is by far cheaper than the $25 daily parking fee that Disney charges, to still be over a quarter of a mile away from the park.   Experience/Atmosphere After you get past security you are just about ready to enter the park. There is a nice main square type of area that separates Disneyland and Disney California Adventure. Beyond that there are the Disney property hotels which are located just a few steps from the park.   When heading into Disneyland you can immediately feel \"it\". What is \"it\" you might ask? The Disney magic. This is the first Disney park that I have walked in and instantly got goose bumps. It is crazy to me that I am describing an amusement park like this, but there truly is no other place quite like it. Everything from the main square, to the beautiful castle, to the train station, it is just like something out of a fairytale. It is incredible and the atmosphere of the park alone is worth a visit to me.   Rides: Disneyland features a lot more classics than the Magic Kingdom does in Orlando. It also features many of the same rides as the Magic Kingdom, only they all have small differences. My favorites include Hyperspace Mountain, Splash Mountain, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, Mr. Toad's Wild Ride(which is actually quite dark if you pay attention to what is really happening), and the Indiana Jones Adventure ride.  Food: The food at Disneyland, while wildly expensive, is certainly something to talk about. I ate at 4 different sit-down restaurants while in the park. Those include Carnation Cafe, Blue Bayou, Cafe Orleans, and River Belle Terrace. They are all heavily themed and offered awesome themed meals that really make you feel like you are a part of a different land. If I had to pick a favorite it would be the Monte Cristo at Cafe Orleans. Last time I was there it was also offered at the Blue Bayou, although it cost more for the same thing, and I would recommend getting something different at the Blue Bayou as they have some good Cajun offerings available.   Negatives: The wait times at some of the big attractions can get crazy. To me, the MaxPass is a must. It is only $15/ticket more, and let me tell you, for our family, it was worth far more than that! Also, security can be picky with bag checks some days. At times, they did not really seem to care what we had in our bags at all, and other times it felt worse than TSA. Above all, DO NOT bring any class container. You will either be forced to walk all the way back to your car, or it will just be tossed. I lost a good water bottle the first day... Rip Big Blue, you will be missed.   Conclusion: With few downsides this is truly an excellent park. Theming around every corner and great experiences await. Oh yeah, did I mention the new Star Wars land? Enjoy!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love it! We went, didn't even use a singly FastPass and still had a blast. Be warned, you will get wet on Splash Mountain! Mostly the bathrooms are good and clean and people are nice.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Seems like they only care about money. We will never return to this park. I can't believe the wait time for the rides. Everything thing is so expensive here.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is probably a nice place for walking around enjoying the crowd and the food. It's an entertainment place for everybody", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is my favorite. Although I too am just as disappointed in pricing and over crowding over user the years I just cant help to continue to be nostalgic. Every time I come I'm in my happy place and just strolling the park is a good day. The smells are something I look forward too... churros mixed with water mist mixed with fresh air and other foods. Don't skip on Splash Mountain no matter what the weather is like!  I enjoy living in Southern California as I put my annual passport to good use as much as I can. I'm going to skip this summer due to the star wars craze but Disney will always be a love of mine. Disney princess for life! :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Price gone up every time I go to this park, bunch of rip off, Disneyland is small and overpriced, overcrowded, Knott s Berry Farm and Six Flag give me more for my money and has friendlier staffs. Sorry kids wait an hour for picture with Mickey, I got better things to do. I aint waiting in line to give them my money.Avoid", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Sad to say this is the last year I renew my pass. The park has lost all of its charm with the greed it seems to show at every step of the way. Now and days you need a small loan to be able to go to the park. But for those of you that go enjoy", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My suggestions: Download the app Learn about Fast Pass and Rider Switch No Fast Pass=no worries=still be able to take enough rides=we took 8 rides, a parade and fireworks  Going to Disneyland for the first time, well most likely with kids, could be overwhelming. There's way too many information over everywhere, be it the podcasts, blogs, reviews etc. As Disneyland is so expensive obviously we all want to make the best out of it.   On our trip, we were a group of two families with a 9 year old and and a less than 2 year old. Went there on a weekday during the peak season of July. We did try to do some research beforehand but it was just \u00a0information overload. We debated about whether to get a fast pass but settled on not buying one. We knew with our 9 year old and a toddler we are anyways not going to achieve anything as planned. We just decided not to get overwhelmed but just go out there and have a good time...and Voila! We were so right on our decisions!!  Even without the fastpass we did take many rides including Millennium Falcon-Starwars, Space Mountain, Its a Small World, Snow White's, Disneyland Railroad, Finding Nemo Submarine, Splash Mountain and Autopia. The popular rides had an average of 50-60 mins wait time. Huge lines but they move fast. Importantly, being in line even on a peak summer day was not bad nor boring. Most of the lines are shaded and the mild gentle breeze that blows can keep your spirits up. It did for us! :)   We reached there at about 10 am and left at 10 pm. Dealing with a 9 year old and a toddler with demands poles apart was itself a big deal. Considering the lunch and snack breaks (lot of food options within the park) plus strolling in between for the toddler, we really felt we spent the day very well, fulfilling the kids and the parents wishes. Took so many rides, enjoyed a parade and the fireworks at night.  I understand and totally get it when people have negative experiences. I see this happy place could easily turn into an absolute disappointment with lines everywhere, crowded and kids getting wild seeing so many attractions. Please don't be too harsh on yourself and remind your kids that its okay if they miss few or some rides. Also, don't necessarily need to get into the intricacies of fastpass and all. Take advantage of rider switch where the second parent can skip line and go straight to the ride. Keep an open mind, dress comfortably and have fun.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland it's Disneyland it's a Disneyland. Go it's the best place ever with so many memories that you can create I've lost count of how many times I've driven from the Bay Area to Anaheim to go", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Hoo boy. I'm a 31 year old adult who hadn't been to Disney in at least 15 years, and have I got a tale to tell.  Disney is as surprising and magical as you can imagine. My party and I had an incredible three days at the park, culminating on the second day with a one in a lifetime experience thanks to a very special cast member. The park was packed and the October sun was beating down on our party as we trudged through crowds like none of us had ever seen before. A bit deflated since we had a nearly painless experience the day before, our party stopped for a pee break at the bathrooms outside the Matterhorn. When I returned, a cast member had been telling jokes to the ladies in our party to pass the time. (Why did Indiana Jones become an archeologist? Because his life was in ruins!) It was my girlfriend's birthday, and this castmember, the legendary Jeff, must have seen her birthday pin from a mile away. Before we know it, he whisked us away and practically walked us onto Indy, before letting us do the same thing on Peter Pan, bribing ride operators with Lifesavers (sorry, they're LifeSABERS in Tomorrowland) as we went. After Peter Pan, we said bye bye to our Disney Angel, Jeff, director of maintenance, but not before he gave us each a signed picture of him as Mr. Incredible another very happy park guest made for him after he must have made their day.  I don't even have the wherewithal to thoroughly gush over Galaxy's Edge, but I will tell you the lightsaber building experience is everything I wanted since I was a young Padawan twenty some odd years ago, I formed a bond with a kyber crystal and used the Force to guide what components went into my saber, I got hassled by Stormtroopers and felt like I was being stopped by real cops, the costumes and buildings and cast make you feel like you're really on some Outer Rim in the middle of conflict a long, long time ago. The markets feel like some galactic bazaar, the Millennium Falcon makes you feel tiny, and the music that pipes in when you cross into the land wraps you up in a space blankie and gets your mind ready to be transported.  I rode it's A Small World as an adult with debt and stress and a job and a 401k and genuinely felt Walt Disney's spirit that he must share part time with Mr. Roger's speak to me across time and space and put all the ugliness of life in today's world into perspective.  Space Mountain is Hyperspace Mountain now, meaning it's still a fun fast dark rollercoaster, but with a Star Wars coat of paint over it, we happened to go during the time The Haunted Mansion is invaded by Jack Skellington for Halloween/Xmas antics, and I guess I'm addicted to buying pins now?  Three days is the perfect amount of time to visit Disney Land resort, anymore and I think I might be unable to leave and go back to normal life. Gotta stop checking my Max Pass times from home.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Man, Disney has gotten greedy over the years. $16 for parking and almost $100 to get in to a sardine packed park were you are lucky to get on 3 rides in one day. I think Walt is rolling over in his grave. Next time I'll go to Knott's.Friendlier staff, no crowds and waaaaaay better food", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is experience was not as I was planning for my Sunday. The lines were way too long and the popcorn tasted nasty. It tasted old. The lines were ridiculous and the workers there were worse. The workers looked like they didn't care about us and were rude. I do not need negative energy trying to get a churro. Fix it. NOW. The prices are tremendous. No one is going to pay 10 extra dollars for fast passes. This is definitely not the \"Happiest Place On Earth\" more like where you go broke. I would like my $120 back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Maybe you should let people know when you are closing at 9pm and not at midnight like it says on yelp. Me and my girlfriend drove 40 miles just to get here at 8pm and be told the park closes at 9pm, dude wtf it said midnight on yelp. Thanks staff of Disney for keeping me so informed so I don't waste my gas and a date that she was looking forward to.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Umm...it's Disneyland. So. Ya. People watching...rides and attractions...shows... food. I mean you cant really compare to anything else. It's magical, everybody should experience it at least once in their childhood.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This review is for DEVIN that works at the jungle cruise! You were the BEST! You made that ride so enjoyable and fun! Keep it up hopefully we'll get lucky next visit and get you again.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I live in Anaheim for now 3 years. I have been in this park for the first and probably the last time, allow me to explain.  My group and I (3 of us) purchased tickets on-site, not online. Perhaps they really should, as many other bad reviews state, control the amount of people entering the park.  The very first place my group have been is the parking structure, which is very well-organized as we are directed a fast and efficient way. Great point. Moreover, the train to reach the park entrance is enjoyable, though they could really check out your bags and not just ask you to open it, take a little look and let you go. Easy to hide anything but whatever, I guess security in a crowded kids park isn't that important...  The entrance has nothing special.  When we arrived, a parade was going on and what a mess. What shocked me was the numerous people EVERYWHERE, it isn't enjoyable to bump into people constantly and this has been the case for my entire day.  The amount of strollers is also a huge problem in Disney. I am not going to debate about this, as Disney is most likely a \"happy place\" and \"kids oriented.\" This is just a pain for others because some people abuse and use their strollers as free lockers, meaning I've seen (smart ?) people using locker boxes in their strollers, stocking water and food in there and park their carrier in one of the many parking for it. Ugh.  Another issue I've encountered was lazy people renting their little annoying carts to move around. I do understand some of them are truly disabled, but as it is a rental thing, I guess anybody can have one. These carts are just big and people using them must think they have priority over anybody else.  I am from Europe and in Paris, in the metro links, you can see people behaving a logic way, meaning walking on the right side as if you were driving. Many people just cut walking lines off and this is simply painful to always create traffic exactly like on the freeway.  Another point I'd like to share was the wait time in lines, which is often accurate but not all the time. I used to read and think well-known parks like this one would have a sign saying \"40 min starting from this point\" but truly less (maybe 30 min) to make you feel good, playing on some psychological side to make you happy. But what about when you make it as twice as long?  Oh well.  I've read some yelp reviews where people complain about the staff. Really ? Leave them alone. \u00a0 Some review state that some visitors kids were crying under the heat of the Sun or whatever, but this is the parents responsibility and dumbness to have brought their own kids and have them suffering HOURS to do a line.  My final point would probably be the fact that I feel like I waisted my time -and my groups people time- by a ratio of 95 (waiting time) for 5 (riding). Don't waste your time (and money, as Disney is really a \"money-s**ker\").  I still enjoyed my visit, don't get me wrong, as I was able to spend hours talking with my little group in lines. Though many stupid kids have found a new App on AppleStore where one of them put the phone above their head and others have to make them guess what is written. Sometimes the person has to guess a music, so people will start making annoying noises with their mouths and singing. This leads to a massive effect, as other people view it and, as good little sheeps, just choose to follow and do the same. Noisy pain, just bring some ibuprofen. You'll thank me.  Hope one day I can rate 0 out of 5.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's true. \u00a0It's the happiest place on earth. \u00a0It's always a fun time going to Disneyland. \u00a0It never gets boring and there's always something new to see. \u00a0Many shows, rides, stores to visit. \u00a0Yes, it's expensive and lines are long but it's worth it. \u00a0Having the annual pass is a big plus and I highly recommend it. \u00a0If you really want to make the best of it, id' say go really early. \u00a0Get there before the park even opens since it takes a while just to get to the entrance itself. \u00a0If you're there at the time of opening, you'll be able to get on more rides with 5-10 min wait times.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Its always a blast to come to Disneyland. Yes Theres long lines, for rides and attractions but who cares! The experience as a whole is worth it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am very disappointed I am a annual pass member and the park is so packed and rides are always closed. It is so packed I'm literally paying for what? To walk? It is ridiculous. How are you supposed to enjoy Disneyland? I don't get it. And the prices are to damn high it is ridiculous it's not worth the price you pay.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am very upset. I was at the Disneyland park on Sunday with my so cal multi day pass. When I asked a cast member when the last day to upgrade my pass was she told me that it would be May 23rd and through the app so I should wait and get the most days, so I decided to listen since she is an employee. Yesterday I went on the app and my ticket was not showing up, I called Disney and they told me that it's a system issue and if I give it a day it will resolve it self. I told the person over the phone my last day is May 23rd but the person over the phone told me that I have 13 days from that date to upgrade and that I shouldn't be worried. Once again I took the employees word for what they are telling me since they represent the company. Today I still don't see the tickets showing up so I call again, the first person tells me the last day to upgrade was yesterday May 23rd at 9pm. I told her what was told to me and all she said was sorry but that was the wrong info. I asked to speak to a supervisor, she tells me sorry the last day was actually Sunday when you had visited the park and there's nothing we can do, sorry you were given the wrong info. This is the worst service I have ever received. I really enjoy going to these parks and it was important that I use my ticket value towards the annual pass but because of the wrong information given to me by the cast members I now no longer am able to do that. I want this issue resolved it was not MY fault.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Annual Passholder here. Love this place. Honestly, they pay them to be nice to you so it's always friendly and it's always clean! I have to use my wheelchair here but even the Toy Story parking structure makes that a breeze. The buses that shuttle you in all have ramps and are designed for wheelchairs. They have a good amount of attractions available for handicapped (more if you can transfer like me) and that's such a bonus! I love being a Passholder and enjoy the many visits I make to the parks weekly!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The Happiest Place on Earth! Attractions are amazing, fun for all ages. It is always good for celebrating, such as when I went for Grad Night in senior year.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Wish I could give zero star. Look big fan of Disneyland but today's visit was totally unacceptable. Received rude service from an employee on the ride. \u00a0The ride broke down numerous times and they didn't even announce it. At least Universal studios offers passes when the line breaks down. Is this a county fair or Disney land ?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This review is specifically for the extremely helpful people in the ticket booth. \u00a0Let's just say upon entering Disneyland already started out stressful. We finally get to the entrance after waiting in line only for the worker to tell us that the military tickets my boyfriend had gotten on post were for next year! \u00a0We then had to get out of line &amp; head to the ticket booth. \u00a0Because of the military post rate, they were going to have to upgrade us to include the max pass for the difference as their onsite tickets were a little more &amp; they don't give refunds, which was fine. \u00a0Anything was better then having to buy a whole new ticket. \u00a0At that point, the person had called her supervisor over for the okay to which ended up being our lucky day as she offered to give us the difference back being that he had traveled all the way from Alabama to be here. \u00a0  Once we got to about day 3 of our 4 day pass, we had thoughts about extending our Disneyland time. Being that buying a 1 day ticket on a Thursday was cheaper then Friday, we saved our 4th day &amp; bought a 1 day single park ticket. \u00a0Fast forward to Friday, our supposed final day, we again had thoughts about coming back the next day. \u00a0However, before agreeing I wanted to inquire about pricing for extending our pass to 5 days. \u00a0We get to the window &amp; were told it's not possible as they don't sell 5 day passes &amp; that we'd have to buy a regular single ticket. \u00a0As we walked away, I remembered that we bought the one day &amp; that maybe we could extend that, so we get back in line again. \u00a0We were then told that it would cost us $96 each for the one park, seemed doable, but of course those old tickets were at the hotel, so we went back to get them. Back in line again, we were told that because the ticket was used the day before, we can't extend it, but her supervisor was nice enough to let us do it this one time. \u00a0I had mentioned how we had a 4 day military ticket along with this one &amp; she had suggested that we get a 3 day military one as it would save us money even if we don't use the last day. \u00a0After calculating the difference from the single ticket &amp; adding the the 4th day from the old one onto this one, it came out to about $45 each which comes with the park hopper. Yes I know, that was a lot Disney!  Thank you so much to the wonderful ladies that helped us out along with their supervisors. \u00a0I wish we remembered everyone's names. \u00a0Till next time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Seriously who doesn't love Disneyland? I have so many memories here, it's apart of my life. Yes prices are ridiculous but I always make the most of my day here. Can't wait for the new Star Wars land to open.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Great place for all ages, fun are for everyone.. A true experiences for you and your families for sure. \u00a0Recommend to go there with happiness faces.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "\"Prices are subject to change\".  For me this means that if you buy a ticket and the price goes up, they charge you the increased price. I have bank records to prove this is accurate. I called in to Member Services and they pretty much told me \"tough luck\".  5 stars for the park, I love spending time here.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "You can't go wrong with Disneyland. They are not complacent and they know what they are doing by giving guests from all over the world truly amazing experiences.Timing is key, so plan ahead in terms of weather and crowds to maximize your experience. Have Fun.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Best Fun of All at Happiest Place on Earth! But..Learned the daily entrance at $134.00 will be MORE to enter Star Wars Land when it Opens hopefully Spring 2019. On top of your entry fee of $134 it's been told folks will pay an additional co$t to go into Star Wars Land @$300.00 a Head! Time we Stop paying it. They just say People will pay it. A family of 3 imagine hubby wife and child folks You're now over $1000 for a day at Disney theme parks and its NOT including Parking at $20 a day. BE AWARE PEOPLE!! It's time we don't PAY IT and return to Walt Disney's concept of a place to take your family and afford it! Try out Universal and Knott's Berry Farm for a change and send a message to the CEOs of Disneyland that aren't paying much attention because they KNOW you'll PAY IT! \u00a0A word to the wiser who STOP paying astronomical price$ at theme parks!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "First of all I have been going to the park for years. But the last time just floored me. Parking was high 15 dollars wow . Second admission went form 104 to 119 are you kidding me in less than a year. I went on a weekday in April , do they limit the amount of people in to the park sure did not look like it. Went on five rides in 7 hours. The food was cold as was the server \u00a0She must have been high. The ride operators have no personality like in the 60s and 70s went i started going. I guess i expect too much for the 700 dollars i spent that day. Sea World was on the other side of the scale i gave it a five", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I used to absolutely love Disneyland, I had the Premium Annual Pass years ago and missed it so my fianc\u00e9 and I got it again this Christmas. Boy do I regret it. I just spent $200 on a hotel room and couldn't even get into the park it was so crowded. I've gone every month since having the pass and it's sooo overly crowded I haven't been able to go on one single ride, eat at one establishment or even get to use a restroom if I'm lucky. It's an absolute joke that I'm paying over $2000 for absolutely nothing. I'm so heartbroken to see what Disney has become. An empty money machine.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hey, yo, so check this out: Disney, YOU SUCK!  Mickey Mouse is a greedy mofo, because he confiscated my mace for 'safety reasons' -- what the hell! It's called safety mace, \u00a0but their black shirt fascist enforcers didn't care! They wanted to disarm me. And even though I tried to argue that mace is not a weapon, it seems that Walt doesn't believe in the second amendment! I say not today!  Everyone knows that Walt was a notorious antisemite and nazi supporter, so more reason to bring it!  These A-holes wanted me to discard it, so I did. Next thing you know, they're telling me to dig threw the trash and give it to them, as I didn't follow their instructions! They said nothing about discarding it in front of them! They just told me to throw it away! And yes, even though they lied and misinformed me, their nose didn't grow. I know I was shocked too!  Next I got separated from my family and \u00a0accidentally wandered into a place called 'California-land' , and I paid for Disneyland? Why did security let me in?   Now basically this California-land is really worthy of the name. Why? It's basically what is to Disneyland as a good pale ale is to like dollar malt drinks. Basically, you just strip away all the 'good stuff' and I swear to g-d I just saw one ride there during my half-hour stay -- guardians of the galaxy. Rest were tourist attraction shops and food. I mean, I and you are the really jackasses here! We paid 150 American dollars for spam solicitations!  And what is this? Annoying families with noisome and screaming kids running in circles and singing happy songs -- some Christmas carols too.  But I see trough this facade! The kids may be happy, but their parents are pretending to be! I mean the three hour wait to go on guardians , yeah, and that leads me to my next complaint:  Fast pass ain't so fast. You see they use designated time slots -- some are not until the evening. And judging by the small amount of time this park has made me angry, don't think I was gonna make it.  My mom, brother and sister felt the same way. We were not gonna settle for anything less than a five-hundred dollar full refund.  Guest services were very insistent we come back another day. I'd rather watch the view -- yes, multiple episodes -- then come back to this family wasteland.  After butting heads? We reached a compromise: they'd refund us in full if we left the premises immediately! And with pleasure.  Disney, \u00a0No!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I just wanted to let everyone know that Kevin who was working at the Matterhorn on May 5, 2019 around 9:45pm-10:15pm ish, is an absolute G. He not only treated my two friends and I so kindly, but also helped us to connect with another gorgeous park-goer (we got his snapchat for those wondering). This man deserves a raise, and my friends and I will be back!! See you soon Kevin!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My family and I have had a premium annual pass for the last 10 years. \u00a0I will NOT be renewing for the following:  1. \u00a0Always crowded, extremely long lines. \u00a0Good luck if you have a real disability. \u00a0I once had a broken leg in a freaking wheelchair and was DENIED any kind of assistance. \u00a0It depends on the mood of the staff. \u00a0I saw them deny a lady with an autistic child as well, so go figure. \u00a0They want you to buy the $1500 service that gets you in front of the line.   2. \u00a0Staff over the years have become so damn rude! \u00a0They are underpaid and will take it out on the guests. \u00a0Disney treats them bad and as a guest I can feel that staff hates being there, they don't look or act magical!  3. \u00a0Food is straight up overpriced crap.  4. \u00a0Instead of feeling like you are getting a magical experience you end up feeling like it's the damn apocalypse and people are frantic and angry b/c the crappy food, staff, overcrowding, and you paid a premium price for all that crap. \u00a0  Honestly, there are so many other places (theme parks) near by that are so underrated. \u00a0  Disney really sucks now, I'm not even complaining about the massive price increases, it's EVERYTHING else. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I don't think I'll ever go back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is literally only for Esmee, the bathroom attendant at the front of the park next to the Town Hall. My daughter waited all day to snap a pic with Mickey, and when we were finally in line.. she threw up all over herself. So we rushed to the bathroom and I was cleaning her up and Esmee asked if we had a change of clothes. I said no, we'd have to go home without meeting Mickey. She then told me to wait, she was gonna make a call. I finished cleaning my daughter up and she came back and said to follow her to the nearest clothing store. We went and picked out a pair of pants. I was ready to buy them when she took them from me and came back with them with no tag. She had gotten them to take care of it for my daughter no charge. She said it broke her heart to see her so sad about not meeting Mickey. I could've cried. It was so sweet. She then walked us back to Mickey and my daughter got to meet him &amp; take a picture with him and it made her whole day. So thank you a million times Esmee, you really made my whole day with your kindness.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We had the most UN-suspecting experience at the Disneyland Photo Supply store on Main Street. We had taken a character picture earlier and we had a voucher for a free print that we had redeemed there. The worst decision we made. We had earlier experiences with the other photo store on the California Adventure side and compared to the Disneyland side.....it's NIGHT and DAY.  The California Adventure side was VERY HELPFUL, displayed customization options to our pictures, adjusted the contrast, saturation, border options, text options, and took the time to ensure that the customer was satisfied with their pictures. Fast forward to tonight, we expected the same customer service that Disney is well known for. Sadly, that did not happen.  \"Jessica\" was her name, she tried to hide it with her hair. But we saw it earlier. My wife wanted to view all the pictures on our Photopass card that was taken earlier in the day. She wanted to view it in a GRID pattern to see which one she wanted. This was also my birthday picture with a Disney character Mickey or Minnie Mouse. We decided on Minnie and she had requested to view borders to add and it went downhill from there. Going thru a few border choices, my wife was undecided and unsure of which border was better. Jessica was not helpful in perhaps centering the pic in the border, offering her own opinion on a border. Bottom line is she wasn't experienced in offering any advice, own opinion on customizing pictures. She was getting irritated and commented \"how do you want me to move it, up, down, to the side...what?? WHAT??? Did she just say that?? I couldn't believe it. At this point my wife was clearly upset and didn't care what the printed picture looked like. We had spoken to a lead, his name was Daniel. He wasn't able to do anything and was very apologetic.  It was an unexpected end to a perfect birthday day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Horrible time! Went with my boyfriend for my bday today. Was there over 10 hours and was only able to get on 3 rides!!! Not worth the price at all! We paid for the maxpass but you can only get one ticket every couple hours and it was pointless!!! Don't waste your money! We still spent about 50 minutes per ride. We waited over 45 minutes for space mountain and then they closed it before we even got on. The staff told us that we can return once the ride is up and use the maxpass. We returned 2 hours later and the ride was back up. After waiting 30 minutes once AGAIN the ride had to close again. This happened 3 different times in the day! That wasn't the only ride that had technical difficulties...also happened at the Indiana Jones ride! Worst way to celebrate your bday, waiting in long lines for rides and right before you get on being told it is now closed for maintenance issues!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't like Disney?!? \u00a0We brought the kids when they were young and now we are back. \u00a0It is so much fun and the people that work at Disneyland are amazing!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Outrages lines and wait times for everything including restaurants. Kid wanted to use a restroom while we were have a bite to eat at the restaurant, we had to leave and search and walk away to find restroom. \u00a0A few restaurants have nothing for kids to eat, unbelievable. No signs to guide you through the park. Purchased photo pass, but unable to find photographers. \u00a0Hate this place. Unfortunately have to visit it because of our kids. For the price of the ticket they make you get lost and waste time.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been to Disney few times before but this time was definitely the best. The park is always crowded, lines are always long and food is expensive. But that is definitely expected because its Disney. the park open at 8 and closed at midnight but we left early. There is a lot to see. The park is huge!!! I definitely love space mountain ride. I think that is probably the only rides that is actually for adults and you get to \u00a0adrenaline. There is so much to do here, my first time visiting the Tiki room, I thought it was very cute. Another thing that I thought it was great was the big thunder mountain, Indiana Jones to name a few. We were out at probably 6 and was able to get into so many rides and watch the show. I would stay longer next time to see the fire works.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "After spending ALOT of money for my family to enter the park ... No fireworks ... Several shows cancelled .. Rides broken or down through out the park. Terrible Disney Day. Definitely not worth the money or time wasted!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Parking is garbage. I have a guess why they sent us to the Toy Story lot while the Mickey &amp; Friends lot remains empty, but why hurt the regulars?!? That's Strike 2, Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "100% the happiest place on earth! I am Disney obsessed and go at least once or twice a year. Going during the rain is fun because you can run from ride to ride without lines!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Sure it's got Mickey Mouse and the Haunted Mansion, but it definitely doesn't have the Je ne sais pas of the Nebraska State Capitol.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It is hard to find parking. And expensive tickets. But hang out w friends n family is great.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If you want to ride all the rides and not wait more than 30 minutes in line, PLEASE BUY THE FASTPASS through the Disneyland app. Its only $10 and it lets you get fast passes in the convenience of your phone and it also includes the photo pass! So if you take pictures with the Disneyland photographers, you can get the pictures to your phone right away and it is free to download to your phone (well technically its included in the $10). You can also see your pictures from the rides if you link the photo number! I rode all the rides with the fastpass and the longest I had to wait was for the Snow White ride (30min) which doesn't have a fastpass. In conclusion, fast pass is SO worth it so buy it and make use of it if you want to maximize your Disneyland experience.   Also, the portable battery sold at kiosks are SUPER worth it too if you come to Disneyland a lot like me or have an Annual Pass. They're $30 and it includes the power cable and everything for both apple and android. The best thing about these portable batteries is that when you use all of the battery, you can go to the kiosk and swap it out for a fully charged one for free (unlimited). I bring this portable battery every time I come to Disneyland because it is so small and compact, it is easy to carry around and you can swap it at kiosks all around Disneyland for a fully charged battery if you use it up! (You can also recharge it and use them at home too.) I highly recommend this. I think this is the BEST invention ever and super worth it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "OK, taking on the Mt Everest of theme parks.. we just got back after an August 18, Monday visit..we drove down from SF Bay area.. Buy a multi day ticket.. BEWARE they now INSIST on taking your picture and demanding that you sign your ticket.. what the heck..??? \u00a0 I said no, the Nazi Disney ticket taker told me if I dont like it go back to the ticket booth and return my ticket.. he then called a manager who was much nicer and tried to tell me that it was for my benefit if I lost my ticket.. right..  So with parking, 2 adults and 4 year old child $300... check..  Pirates of the Caribbean- \u00a0No warning that Pirates is now pretty scary for 4 year olds.. \"Dead men tell no tales\".a recurring them... (I have been on that ride at least 6 times over the years and dont recall it being as scary..) No Fastpass for Pirates of the Caribbean.. wait 45 minutes ON A MONDAY.. OK it was around 1 PM... check.. Stand in the early afternoon sun in 90 degree heat with zero shade or misting system for Small World..on a positive the wait was only 30 minutes or people would start dropping.. \u00a0you mean after all these years no one has figured out that it gets pretty hot in the summer in Anaheim? \u00a0No shade offered??? Wait for the Disneyland train and watch bozos cut in front of you.. not just one.. but at least it had seats and was in the shade.. Crowded.. people all over your butt.. bumping into you..  BEWARE #2.. if you drive they are doing major construction on Interstate 5 within a few miles of the park and you will pay for that in time wasted sitting in heavy traffic. I have enjoyed the park in other years.. but my advice AVOID this place in the summer and wait until they finish that freeway renovation.. Oh even my kid told me he doesnt want to go back again \"ever Dad\"..", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wish that there was a Rock N Roller Coaster where Monsters Inc. is, but you know. Can't be perfect.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland - what more can you say.  Bit expensive. But worth it - I think I enjoy it more as an adult than as a child.  Make sure you stop and get yourself a Dolewhip (it's heaven in a cup and there's only 4 places in the world to get them).", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This was TERRIBLE! I have always liked Disneyland but now I saw their true intentions......not to be \"the happiest place on earth\"but to only make money and practically scam us from our money.   OK.OK. Let me reframe. So my family and I was planning on going to Disneyland, and not surprisingly it was PACKED. But that wasn't the problem. Disneyland's systems were down so half the Park was shut down, HOWEVER their was no signs telling us that the park was having difficulties, but they were very glad with taking our money. $124. That's how much they stole from us per ticket. BUT THATS NOT IT, the park was over capacity, so they didn't let us get in. Disney is a snake corporation. Makes me sick. This makes me want to never go back, but I still love Disneyland's rides. Terrible.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland! I have been here so many times in the past 20+ years that I have lost count! It's definitely the happiest place on earth! No matter how many times I have been there I always feel like a kid again. I took both of my kids there while they grew up and we always had a great time. I even got engaged there! If you want to have a great time there always plan ahead. It definitely is way more difficult to get around the park now with the huge crowds. The only time you seem to get a break now is on a rainy day. That won't deter the die hard Disney person though. It doesn't stop me. If you are patient and can tolerate a lot of people, Disneyland is always a fantastic time. Even if you only manage to get on a few rides, it's always worth going. And of course, the food is good in the park. Just expect to pay up if you eat in the park. And souvenirs will cost you a bit too.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I cannot believe I have never reviewed Disneyland. \u00a0But, as a first time season pass owner, I am going finally write a review of the happiest place on earth. \u00a0  First off, I am a Southern California girl, so I had access to go to Disneyland all the time, but my parents only took me a few times as a kid, so my interest in Disneyland grew more and more as I became an adult. \u00a0I finally decided to take the plunge and get the cheapest annual pass, the Southern California Annual Pass. First, let me discuss the cost of Disneyland. \u00a0It is extremely costly to go to Disneyland. \u00a0Parking is $20 for general parking, then tickets are about $180 if you want to do the park hopper option (go to Disneyland and California). \u00a0You can however use the cost of the ticket to help pay for an annual pass should you want to. \u00a0I decided to use the $180 that I paid for an annual pass. \u00a0The Southern California Annual Pass is about $350, which is for Southern California residents and has a whole bunch of blackout dates and no weekends. If you want to do that, you can do that at the office on Main Street or any of the ticket booths and you must do it before you leave for the day otherwise you cannot use what you paid for today to go to an annual pass.   Second, the crowd. \u00a0OMG, it can be SOOO crowded at Disneyland especially if you go during peak days and times. \u00a0Even on non peak days, it can still be a wait for popular rides. \u00a0(I went on a Wednesday on what was considered a non peak time and I still had to wait about 60 minutes for some of the rides). I would suggest, if you are flexible, in trying to go during non-peak times. \u00a0Waits can be up to 80 minutes and it can be frustrating to wait in such long lines all day. \u00a0There are multiple calendars out there where people have done some analysis on which days are crowded vs not and I believe they are pretty accurate. \u00a0Also, download the Disney app before you go and they have wait times for rides so you can plan accordingly. Utilize fast passes. \u00a0There is also detailed websites and blogs that tell you how to maximize fast pass (people love Disney), so I would try to use them as much as possible. \u00a0A tip for some people who do not want to read all the blogs. \u00a0The fast pass machines are disconnected at California and Disneyland. \u00a0As such, you can hold a fast pass at California and at Disneyland. \u00a0So, normally, I will run over to Disneyland, get a fast pass for India Jones or Space Mountain, then come over to California and get a fast pass for Toy Story Mania or Soarin, then explore California while I am there. \u00a0Also, make sure to get fast pass for the shows (I believe there is no show at California currently) because they are also disconnected to the ride. \u00a0So, you can hold a fast pass for Fantasmic and still get fast pass.   Third, the food. \u00a0This is Yelp, so we have to talk about the food right? \u00a0Some of my favorite food at Disneyland is bread bowls near Pirates (delicious clam chowder in a bowl), churros (why does it taste so delicious here?!), the dole pineapple whip (not a huge favorite of mine but you need to try it at least once). \u00a0Aside from that, it is the normal burgers, hot dogs, etc. \u00a0If you want to try something a little more fancy, you can go outside to Downtown Disney or make reservations at some of the restaurants in Disneyland (I heard that the restaurant overlooking Pirates is pretty cool). \u00a0I normally skip this because I would rather run around the park and get on rides, but I know people are different. \u00a0Disneyland is also very generous about letting people bring in their own food and drinks (non-alcoholic). It does get pretty pricey, so I normally bring my own waters and a few snacks, but I have seen people bring full blown meals in. \u00a0There is a lot of seating around Disneyland if you want to do that.   Lastly, the experience. \u00a0Disneyland definitely strive to make it worth the cost. \u00a0Their service is superb. \u00a0When you first get into the parking lot, they direct you to the spots (no trying to find your own spots). \u00a0All the employees are so nice and helpful. \u00a0There are also photo spots everywhere and you can buy the photos from them, but the employees will also take photos of you with your phone. \u00a0I would suggest taking photos early in the day when it is not as full because once it starts getting full, you might have to wait in line for popular spots (like the pumpkin during Halloween). \u00a0The rides are super cool, a mix of old school and new \u00a0rides. \u00a0The shows are so awesome and if you are there on the days when they do fireworks, definitely try to stay for that. \u00a0But, if you want to feel like a kid again or take your kids for a magical experience, Disneyland is the place to go.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "In my personal experience, I did not have a good time. \u00a0It is a very expensive ticket, and its to crowded to get on rides. \u00a0I don't like the way the have changed many of the rides", "rating": 1}, {"text": "They pack you into this park like sardines, overcharge you for merchandise, water.. Etc. I attempted to charge my son's cell phone at one of the outlets and told to unplug. After spending all this money over paying for everything including our monthly passes, Disneyland could not spare a little power to charge a phone. Unbelievable but then I noticed why, they want you to overpay for one of their extra battery packs. Disney cast members really know how to ruin a great vacation! Won't be back again. Disneyland is way overrated.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland but have some serious gripes and concerns that finally exploded last night. \u00a0  MY GRIPES, CONCERN AND FIXES  Autopia - Car ride you can drive with two people. \u00a0You can smell exhaust fumes everywhere! \u00a0How safe is this for kids, people that work there or anyone? \u00a0As you drive you can smell the fumes, when you stand in line you can smell it. \u00a0Wasn't 1 million Ford Explorers in 2017 recalled for exhaust issues? (Carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide are particularly dangerous as they are toxic and carcinogenic!) \u00a0After last night I won't be back on this ride until they go electric. (Personal Tip: make sure YOUR PERSONAL CAR doesn't allow outside air to come inside, press the button to block outside air). \u00a0  Disneyland Railroad - Same issue, sat in the first car and the smell from the engine was bad. \u00a0My daughter said \"suck it up dad,\" but I care about my health my daughter isn't so smart yet! \u00a0 Make the smoke stack higher and build protection so we can't take this muck in our lungs and body. \u00a0Electric with fake smoke? \u00a0Is it just me that notices? \u00a0  Parking Tram - Same issue, but if you sit in the back of the tram you can't smell the fumes as much but what about the other people. \u00a0ALSO, can't you make this tram into a ride like a monorail and make this more efficient for everyone? \u00a0Why not make this a RIDE like 'Pirates' or 'A Small World' and move a ton of people out of the park efficiently. \u00a0Why is the experience so inefficient every time at night? \u00a0 Can't you make the Tram solar power, electric or a hybrid? \u00a0 Maybe a double decker on a rail? \u00a0Wait, didn't Disney have the 'People Move' - futuristic way of moving people? \u00a0What happened? \u00a0What about the 'Airport Moving Walkway' like in LAX? \u00a0Disneyland use to be the future, monorail, trams, etc. \u00a0somewhere Disney lost their innovation. Didn't Disney coin the phase 'Imagineering Disney' - where is that shown? \u00a0  All I feel is a crowded park that looks inefficient. \u00a0I mean wall to wall people is great for Disney but not for my kids. \u00a0I think it's possible Disney. \u00a0  Standing in Line - Can you make all rides a fast pass? \u00a0Why are we standing stand in line at Disneyland for hours? \u00a0Give us a time range to come back, we can be spending money eating at your food stands and restaurants, be shopping in your stores, walking around but standing in line for hours? \u00a0Doesn't Disney like making tons of money? \u00a0I am \u00a0willing to pay for overprice food to not stand in line for hours. \u00a0Reinvent the rides to hold more people if you are going to over sell the park each day. \u00a0Is it just me? \u00a0  Security - After parking in the structure you need to go through security. \u00a0Ok I know the people that check the bags need to be friendly, but it's so irritating when there are long lines and/or short lines the (some) security guards are trying to make conversation with every person in line. \u00a0Is that being friendly or just not a good idea? \u00a0It would be nice to just get through as quick as possible. \u00a0I heard this complaint from other people. \u00a0As I think about it, LAX security people don't talk to the passengers. That's the way it should be, can you make a line for people that need to talk (both security people and guests), but please mark that security line 'social line' only! \u00a0  Ok Walt it isn't your fault, but the new executives and managers please apply the latest technology to the park to protect our health and make our experience even more amazing. \u00a0   MY TIPS Get an Annual Pass and just go for a few hours Check the wait times before you leave Halloween - Expect crowds 30 days before Food - Improved but expensive Eat before you enter Caramel Apples - Yum Gibson Girl Ice Cream Parlor - Yum Popcorn - Yum Yum Avoid sitting in the front of the tram, train, Autopia  BACKPACK Bring Water and snacks Cell Phone - get a case with a neck strap (Especially for kids) Bring a jacket or long sleeve shirt for night Bring a phone charger Sunscreen, hat  Slippers, zip lock bag for Splash mountain (You will get wet)  Added: 12/03/2017 Parked in Toy Story, was dropped off and went to California security. \u00a0There are two California security entrances, went to the right side entrance. \u00a0How is it you have workers that seem to not understand there is a long line and that line is watching workers that seem slow. \u00a0To me the solution is to add more entrances to handle the inefficient security checkers or I guess train the security to understand like LAX to not talk and move the line through as quick as possible. \u00a0 Why is this so difficult to do? \u00a0  WAITING IN LINES If the line to Guardians of the Galaxy is 1 hour wait, it would be nice like Universal Studios to offer drinks and food. \u00a0More money Disney, we know you like $. \u00a0Universal has a drink stand! \u00a0  Why not have monitors in the long wait rides, so we can be entertained by advertising to us? \u00a0Or maybe logic puzzles on the screen, a Disney movie, trailers, etc.? \u00a01 hour in line s a long time to just stand their playing on our phones.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have been coming here since I was a little girl. Now as an adult, I still love coming with my husband and daughter. We are big time disney fans. Disneyland is an awesome staycation for me.. I can just relax and have fun with my family! Defintely our favorite pastime.   We are a deaf family, Disneyland recognize that and make us feel welcome everytime we come here. A lot of cast members that I've met...have signed to us. Yesterday, Minnie Mouse saw my family and I conversing in American Sign Language. Minnie Mouse tapped me on my shoulder to get my attention and signed, \"I love you\" and immediately hugged me. I could not help but smile from ear to ear! It was the sweetest thing!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Bad experience at Hyperspace Mountain with employee Ashley. Not a happy or nice cast member. Makes me sad to see the level of courtesy and happiness decline amongst some of the employees. Walt is probably turning in his grave : (", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland sucks . \u00a0All I wanted to do was Leave Downtown Disney and go back to the shuttle to take me to my hotel. \u00a0They wouldn't let me leave. \u00a0 I had to go through security including the sniffing dog", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Everything is so packed, it's overwhelming and takes forever. Even for a ride that feels as though it lasts for a second. Everything is extremely overpriced. AND I DO MEAN EVERYTHING. Nothing much to do if you're not a child. I don't understand how people without children sincerely enjoy coming. It's so boring and expensive.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Don't get me started .... Iol. My wife planned a trip for our family (her, 2 year old and 4 year old boy, and me) to San Diego. Amazing ! But she full on honey potted me into leaving SD (pacific beach) early and go to Disney for 3 days. Pacific beach was sick! Now I'm waiting in a 2 hour F'n line up with crying and hungry kids, crazy amount of people, all for some BS ride. Lucky you're cute kids !", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I meant to write *accept* on the previous review not except. But a tip to save money: bring your own water bottles/snacks/even lunch if you want too. Disney allows you to bring in your own food and doing this can help you save money. It is a hassle carrying everything around but worth it to save $. You can easily refill the water bottles too. I would also check online before you visit during refurbishment season so you're aware as to what rides are closed for refurbishment. I would totally recommend getting the MaxPass. Makes everything so much easier. You can stand in line and with a twist of a thumb boom you have a fast pass for a different ride. You also get all your photos. And don't forget your pins! It's so much fun trading with cast members or even simply looking at the ones cast members have. I love Disney and the wonderful experiences I've had here! Disneyland is definitely for children AND adults.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I've always loved Disneyland as a young kid, I've recently went there after 15years and Disneyland is just not the same. I still love the atmosphere and how creative Disney is but there is just waaaay to much people! To be honest I enjoyed Knotts Berry farms and Universal studios more, less people and shorter lines. This was my daughters first time and she enjoyed Knott's Berry farm more than Disney. So if anyone is okay with the big crowd, long lines and willing to pay about $200 a person then go for it. Other then that it just isn't worth it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "After about visit 5 or so, I learned they give free ice water at any restaurant in the park. I wish I would have known this years ago!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disappointed with Disney so if your over 60 with underlying conditions \u00a0and it wouldn't be safe to enjoy Disney at this time TO BAD is what they say. I'm not asking to cancel just to place on hold until conditions are better. \u00a0I guess $$ are more important than peoples lives. If you contract COVID don't blame them!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is great but a bad experience can ruin an entire day of festivities. Specifically the storm troopers. \u00a0We had an 8 year old girl trying to take a picture with the and we were just ignored completely. Literally moments after they saw a cute girl and they literally stopped and started doing lines from the films and posing for pictures.   Disney please train your staff better.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Having grown up in So Cal not far from here and having worked for Disneyland a number of years I can't say anything too bad about this place....except for the ticket prices but that's business. \u00a0   I love Disney and they keep making it better and better. \u00a0At the time of me writing this Downtown Disney (DTD) is starting to do some major remodeling. \u00a0They plan on making. New hotel where ESPN, Rainforest Cafe and AMC was. \u00a0So if you haven't been here lately those places are now closed. \u00a0Also closed are Build A Bear and the little race car place next to that. \u00a0 I'm fast that whole section in DTD is closed. \u00a0  As for the parks they are as great as always. \u00a0They are currently building Star Wars Land and that will be insane once it opens. \u00a0I'll probably wait months to visit due to the amount of people flooding the gates to see it. \u00a0Not a bad problem for Disney. \u00a0  Overall if you can afford the tickets, food, parking and souvenirs I say come on down to the Happiest Place On Earth. \u00a0You won't be sad.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have been an annual pass holder on and off since 2012 and honestly cannot get enough of Disneyland. I finally came back from my yearly break from Disneyland and caved in to renewing my pass.   Yes, its expensive. But you pay for quality which is why I will continue to be a pass holder. Everything from service, to food to rides are worth it.   Service: I always see cast members with a great friendly attitude, and they are always smiling and willing to help  Food: The food here is actually edible. Like quality food. You aren't going into the park and wishing you had packed a lunch because there are so many options from sit down, to snacks and sweet treats. There is now an option on the Disney app to order food ahead of time for pick up so you don't have to wait in line after walking from way across the park. Super cool.   Rides: The rides, the lines are long. It sucks, I know. But you gotta stick it out! TIP: Download the Disney app and you will see wait times as well as what rides may be down for refurbishment.   Parking: There are plenty of lots to go to. And now they have expanded their Mickey and Friends parking structure and they have added sensors to parking spots so that you aren't circling the lot looking for a spot that may not even exist. WHOO HOO! That was long overdue, but better late than never. \u00a0There are also offsite lots that take you to the Disney entrance by bus. The parking structure has trams to take you to the end of Downtown Disney.  Characters: There are always plenty of characters around the park. \u00a0I believe the Disneyland App also has that information for you as well if you are looking for a photo opportunity.   Merchandise: Quality. Quality. Quality. You are buying an item and you know its going to last and not break after a day or two. I have purchased everything from pens, to dog toys, clothes, Christmas ornaments, jewelry.. and its always top notch. There are items that are Disney Parks exclusive, so you know you won't be able to get it anywhere else.   There are so many diverse cultures, people who have travelled from far away to take a look into the magical world of Disney. Sometimes you have to remember that the lines are long for a reason.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So so aside from them continuing to raise their prices.. please read the fine print before you buy a season pass for example if you lose your pass they make you buy a one day admission just to go in and get your pass which is non-refundable how prophetic... strongly suggest you go to Knotts Berry Farm very much the same maybe a bit smaller then again maybe not. passes are much cheaper and they don't charge you over $100 to replace you're lost Annual Pass which I did not lose or don't have I just happened to here \u00a0before buying an annual pass for my family get it together Disneyland!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This was my first time ever coming to Disneyland and I have to say that I'm extremely disappointed. Every single ride I would stand in line for would end up getting closed down, I got a couple fast passes for rides and again, once I got to the ride it had been closed. I wasted my day away walking around moving in and out of the traffic of people and did not get to ride any of the rides I had waited hours for. It definitely sucked and unfortunately I don't think I'd ever return. Big waste of your time and money.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's DISNEYLAND!! so seems to have went on the Hottest day which made life miserable. I wish DISNEY would keep this in mind and have more cooling options..We wait at least 50MINS IN LINE!! They don't want you to have drinks either..ugh!! We pay so much to be there, we really want to enjoy it. It seems that there's ALWAYS A RIDE DOWN! We prepare our day out due to the long list of things we want to do and by to my luck there's ALWAYS a ride down. There should be a heads up warning, highlights which rides are out. Beacuse Unfortunately I cannot afford to come <a href=\"/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fdaily.So&amp;s=e35b085e0907ec857421a0c2a07bbe9b51efc206bc6afe52704e5ea55946a8c0\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">daily.So</a> with 3of the rides out this day, we had to venture out for New Direction. Well The Little Mermaid Is always my Favorite in HOT weather , the Lincoln show, and Storytelling. The Frozen slushy drinks came in handy. That's a Plus Disney. The Views are Spectacular. The Staff is Great. So as the Evening heat died down, we were so drained and sticky from earlier heat, it was hard to enjoy. So Heads up..Plan trip according to Weather. I Wanted such Fond memories of this trip but mainly I got complaints from my daughter's &amp; guest. Ugh Disney Help...More water misters...PLEASE!! I even yelped to see any hidden gems. Thanks Yelpers!! Yes I know it's SUNNY CALIFORNIA!! but maybe tarps or umbrellas out for us. Seating to eat is even tricky in the Beaming heat. Thanks Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have been coming to Disneyland since I was a baby every year, sometimes twice. I have so many memories going back to before DCA was around.   Compared to Universal and Six Flags, DL and DCA are easily the best. Don't get me wrong, I like Universal but we finished the rides at that park in one day. After a day, what else is there to do?   We usually do a 3 day park hopper and by the third day, we are exhausted! I recommend going when the park opens, and during the week when school is in session. Avoid summer time, school breaks and the week of Major Holidays. Less crowds and strollers!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always a blast to go to Disneyland. Vibe is always so happy, love the look on my kids faces every time we go.... The food variety is amazing, music and parades are the best.. Happiest place on earth for sure", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Was a pass holder for 10 years and don't regret renewing it at all. Disneyland played a big role in my childhood and will always have my heart.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Took the \"Walk in Walt's Footsteps\" tour today... As always this place has the greatest customer service in the world bar none. Also had the experience of our locker not working... We got a cast member to help us and within 5 minutes we were in! If you need anything here the cast members here are always willing to help.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Welcome to Disneyland. \u00a0I was attempting to upgrade and renew my girlfriends annual pass a month early and JOHN from long beach (a lead at the ticket sales window) told me that it would cost me $550 for just the one month of the upgraded pass and then the additional $800 for the renewal. \u00a0The $550 was the same it would have cost to upgrade for 12 months and there was no prorating. \u00a0JOHN was rude, dismissive, and even agreed that it made no sense and made me buy a one day pass just so she could get in on a blackout day. \u00a0When you visit Disneyland keep in mind the customer service of old times is gone. \u00a0Disney customer service has become an oxymoron.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Raphael and Debbie are amazing!! They saved our family trip!! Honestly my husband works 50 hour plus days a week and we FINALLY got him to come on a short weekend getaway for my middle daughters 3rd birthday!! We had a little dilemma and they made our process very smooth. BIG THANK YOU TO BOTH OF YOU WITH TEARS IN MY EYES FROM A GRATEFUL SAH MOM THAT NEEDED A BREAK AND THE KIDS TO HAVE THEIR DAD TIME!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's The Happiest Place on Earth! I am older &amp; still love to go to Disneyland  The Magic of The Kingdom never grows old for me, especially st Christmas when the Park is transformed into a Beautiful Winter Wonderland", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Brought my 80 year old Mother in Law to Disneyland for her birthday. Upon arrival we discover that they no longer accommodate handicapped guests from their parking areas. So we have to walk almost a mile to the gates with her. When I inquired on Main Street customer service the manager Chris tells me, Oh well what do you want me to do. A new low for the un magic kingdom. A corporate decision to force guests to walk through downtown Disney in hopes of additional revenue instead of accommodating those who are handicapped. Wow, Walt would roll over in his grave Disney. Guest is a stretch. To Chris the \"manager\"perhaps some training in ADA laws might help.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "its great just sometimes crowded and overpriced but the experience is still cool even if you do nothing all day it's still an enjoyment to be there (: rather be there than at school right now lol", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I got on Splash Mountain and waited for like one and a half hours, and then, we got on the ride and it broke down later. The problem was a damn rock under the log, where they could just lower the floor, but just decided to take us off instead. They also let a very annoying guy up front who didn't let us splash when there was nothing else to do. The same thing happened on Space Mountain but the people decided to shun us instead. Tourists laughed as we struggled on a terrifying hill. Disneyland just has a horrible organization in their theme park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If magic is what you're seeking, this isn't the place you'll find it. Having grown up in Disneyworld, taken my kids since ages 6 months, and holding a season pass when my 6 year old asked to visit Disneyland this summer instead I was happy to comply figuring we would all still experience the magic we are accustomed to. By magic I mean great rides, clean environment, friendly cast and child focused atmosphere. Boy was I wrong!! My poor child is now convinced Mickey forgot California! From the moment we walked in there were no friendly smiles and no one really seemed to know much about the park. There were cast members inside tomorrow land hiding from supervisors, lack of ice in 100 degree weather, hot apple sauce pouches being served, faucets covered in plastic grey bags in bathrooms, and litter (lots of litter) and not to mention broken monitors on several rides. Speaking of rides: The rides were mediocre compared to Orlando, and perhaps that's because everyone seemed miserable working them, either way this wasn't the Disney way. Oh and hey California posting about the dangers of plastic doesn't make me want to buy it less, it just makes me want to be in your celebrity pushed agenda state leSs (no offense)! And by the way...you are so much about those BPA's how about your staff telling a mom to heat up the water for the baby formula in the microwave...oh that radiation doesn't cause cancer?! Hmmm....It appears Disney has not only sold off its business but also not required California new management to follow the Disney way. By the way...don't bother looking for princess in either of these parks....my poor daughter left in tears that she didn't meet ONE. I would stick to Legoland and sea world if you are in Cali with kids...here they were treated like royalty and had a blast! Shoutout to both parks for care and attention!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love Disneyland. Before of huge crowds. Food is always yummy. Lots to do. I recommend getting the MaxPass on the app if you are going to hit many rides both parka($10 charge for the day and you can only purchase it if you are inside either park. You can not buy it yet if are waiting outside the gates to get in). If you have the chance, check out Halloween and Christmas time. It is definitely worth seeing. It does get expensive if you are eating and shopping at the park. In my opinion everyone should visit the park at least once in their lifetime", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It seems like people who complain about the MAXPass need to learn how to friggin READ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But it's probably a reflection on how they were brought up.   Disneyland is amazing! It's expensive AF but not sure why that's soo surprising to people when they \u00a0get into the park. You just dropped $10Gs to get in. How much do you think popcorn is gonna cost?? This ain't \"Walmart: Happiest Place On Earth\"", "rating": 5}, {"text": "what can you say? it's Disneyland! a great place to go with the family. just be prepared for the expensive tickets to enter and the crowds!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Its Disneyland truly can be the happiest place on earth. Fireworks are a must see!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney sets the gold standard when it comes to entertainment and customer service. \u00a0However this critique is one that \u00a0Disney needs to fix. \u00a0Innovations is an attraction that one can visit in several minutes or stay for hours. \u00a0 We're waiting in a line to visit Captain America, and of course the family needs to use the restroom, really bad. \u00a0We come to find out in this huge facility there is NO restroom. \u00a0We were directed to the nearest bathroom, which was a long walk outside all the way next to Autopia or at the Space Mountain exit. \u00a0It was a 45 minute adventure just for the restroom. \u00a0It was a challenge for our young family to make the trek out and back into Innovations. As with many things at the Magic Kingdom, it takes time to get anywhere in the park with the crowds. \u00a0Please address this by putting restrooms in the building. \u00a0Thank you.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Today I am incredibly sad and frustrated. Disneyland is supposed to be such a magical, once in a lifetime experience and today wasn't like that. Every single person that works there was so rude to us. If we ever asked a question we got 1 word answers, everyone had a terrible attitude, it made the whole experience very frustrating. So mad at this experience", "rating": 1}, {"text": "There's a reason it's the happiest place on earth.  Disneyland has been a theme park favorite for not just Californians but people around the world alike. However with the price of admission going up this year and the arrival of the new Star Wars land many wonder if it's still worth it to go. I'll make this easy for you. After all these years, I still feel like it still is.  I went with a group of 8 last weekend and had such an amazing time. From organizing which rides to go and to figuring out where we were gonna eat, the Disneyland of 2019 is the best iteration it's ever been in the 31 years of my existence.   First I highly recommend a two day park hopper with max pass. Yes you can knock out a ton of stuff in one day but would you want to be rushed? I certainly wouldn't. Park hopper gives you instant access to both parks in a single day but the maxpass with the Disneyland app allows you to reserve fast passes on your phone hourly. Because of that, managing your day at the busy parks\" way more enjoyable. Many times me and my friends would wait in one line while deciding what ride we wanted to max pass for later. If you plan it right for example you can wait in line for Indian Jones and then use your fastpass for space mountain to skip to the front of the line.   You can also order food off the app by the way. When me and my buddies had a craving for Boudin Clam Chowder and saw the line out the door in California Adventure, we were able to order through the app and get warm and delicious bread bowls within five minutes.   There's also alcohol at both parks now! I won't spoil how awesome the new Star Wars ride is but you should definitely check out Olga's Cantina if you get a chance. Only reservations are being accepted now so just be aware of that. Also lastly I highly recommend going on rides at night right now. Average wait times last Saturday and Sunday ranged from 30-45 mins for the popular rides last weekend however my friends said at night time the same wait times were anywhere from 5-15 mins max. Just wanted to throw that out there to anyone visiting Disneyland during the holidays. Enjoy!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I went to Disneyland on 10/13/2018. I am not new to Disney, I have been to Disneyland at least 10 times, Disney World 6, and to the Aulani Resort once.  Let's start with the drive in, ... waited in line for 40 min to park.... from parking it is a walk to the tram which we had to wait 3 trams before arriving at the park. We already had tickets but the line to get in with tickets was about 15 minutes. \u00a0 \u00a0 It was so crowded that there were 2-3 hrs waits for most attractions. Fastpass was \u00a0either not available or available during the 11pm-12am slot.  There were three extremely rude Disney staff there. I had NEVER experienced that. One staff was yelling so loudly in the restroom the bday girl had to hold her ears and looked terrified.  Three kiddos between the ages of 5-9 (one bday girl age 5) were unable to do more than 4 attractions in 10 hours.  Navigating through the park was like driving on the 405 during bad traffic. It was not only crowded, it was like a can of sardines. Awful, never experienced this before and if there are many days like this now in the park, there will eventually be less customers.  When the day is so overcrowded ....as this day was, admissions should be limited so some enjoyment can be had from families spending \"magical\" funds. No so. cal discount, no one day discounts. AWFUL.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Raising Prices and not Thinking of Everyone Who Would love to go to Disneyland and Have some fun! Wish it was back in the days When Disneyland WAS Disneyland! Enjoyment for all people with Large Families to enjoy! Without These HIGH Prices! But I Guess I Understand, With the LONG lines and the CROWDS, They Needed to Raise the Prices so NOT to many can Enjoy..!!! I get it Disneyland! I Get it !", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I've been coming to Disneyland since I was 7 and I have had a pass since then every single year. So it's safe to say I'm a loyal person to Disney. With that being said, I went today. Per usual, I was satisfied with my visit. If you've never been to Disneyland, you won't understand or be able to differentiate the busy days from the not busy days. Today wasn't bad and the wait times averaged 40-50 minutes. Every cast member had a smile on their face, food was average and the decorations for Christmas, per usual, were above, WAY above expectations. Disneyland never disappoints with its atmosphere, decorations and overall experience. Other than the spiked up prices, if you can get passed the occasional crying kids and have a little bit of patience, this is the place for you. Disneyland never disappoints. Thank you, Walt.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "There is no entertainment park like Disneyland. First class and well worth the money. Cast members are always friendly and helpful and the park is always clean. Best time to enjoy the park is mid week. Plenty to see and do. Top notch entertainment.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Lines are too long and people with fast pass makes it worse. Not worth the money and time.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Very disappointed in Disney's new fastpass/parent swap system. It makes it very difficult on families. I used to carry fastpasses and tickets for the whole family but now the kids need to carry their own cards so they can be scanned (sometimes multiple times) on rides. It's only a matter of time until the kids lose their tickets.   The new system is confusing, slower, and way less family friendly.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "When they say this is the Happiest Place on Earth, they are not wrong! As an annual passholder, I honestly can not get enough of this place. If I lived closer, my friends and I would stop by on a weekly basis to just catch a show, ride a couple rides, do dinner, or even just catch a yummy snack! Disneyland really knows how to immerse their guests in another world and make everyone's experience truly magical! Cast members are so polite, friendly, engaging, and always go above and beyond for all their guests! I have seen them abused and treated horribly by so many guests, but they are still so polite and continue to give incredible service. I don't know how they do it! I don't know where to start with how amazing the parks are! From the food to the shows to the rides to the characters to the scenery, it's all perfect! People complain about how expensive food in the park is, but it's actually quite reasonable. They have a huge range of prices, so there is always something for everyone! A meal at McDonald's is sometimes more expensive than a meal at Disneyland. The portions at Disneyland are huge, so you can even split meals with friends and family and it will be much cheaper! My friend and I split a pomme frittes and Monte Cristo sandwich from Cafe Orleans and it ended up being about 14 dollars each! It was delicious and filling and cost about the same as a full meal at a fast food place or a restaurant outside the park! Make sure to catch Fantasmic, any of their fireworks shows, and Mickey and the Magical Map! Disney does everything so well! Their fast pass and max pass system is state of the art! If you're wondering if you should get the Maxpass, do it! It saves so much time and really helps you maximize your time in the park!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The parking fee is becoming outrageous! It is a robbery! Used to be $16 three years ago, now it is $25! Besides that, they close the monorail operation from 11am to 6pm daily! Why? They want you to walk all the way to the gate, hope that you will spend more money on the way out! Beware!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love this place just feelin like a kid again no care in the world gotta love it! So exciting everytime its a adventure getting here well worth it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I was super scared of the rollercoasters, always, whole my life. I tried first-time rollercoasters in Disneyland and I loved it since then. The park is huge. Beautiful beautiful place to take pictures and spend a good time with family and friends. I would highly recommend, it was a lifetime experience", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Overcrowded, wayyyy too expensive, cheesy rides, rude staff. Not what I expected for the 'happiest place on Earth.' I won't be back. Don't waste your money!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Anyone who doesn't love Disneyland can fight me. I know it's a crowded, touristy hellhole to some, but as an adult woman, I get so excited prior to a Disneyland trip I can't sleep. I LOVE DISNEYLAND. Yes, the food is overpriced. Yes, the lines are long. But that's true of literally any theme park. Disneyland is the original, it did it all first, it did it all best, anyone who disagrees doesn't ever need to go again. Fewer people in line in front of me! I would spend every day of my life at Disneyland if I could, and I'd never get bored and I'd always be happy and CAN I GO RIGHT NOW????", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We love this place. No need to say more. But i will. Lots of trips down here and never took the time to do a write up. \u00a0This will be short and sweet. \u00a0Yes this place is expensive. \u00a0But you get what you pay for. \u00a0No other park can come close. \u00a0My only advice is to take things slow and do not put pressure on your self. Just enjoy your time in the park and let the Disney magic come to you. All our best trips have been when we just take it easy and no real plan as we walk around. \u00a0 Treat the CMs nicely and they will help you have the best time possible.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disney folks. What else can I say. It's not just magic. It's world famous magic. I have enjoyed going here so nice I was a child and then with my own child and others close to me.   The park has always been clean, staff is friendly and attractions are iconic.   The price of admission sucks. But, supply and demand rule. Hate the game not the player.   Looking forward to many more visits over the years.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I always love coming here. With the introduction of the new MaxPass, hitting all my favorite rides has never been easier. Seriously, for $15 I had access to all professional photos and ride photos taken of me inside the park. Also, I got to ride 12 rides, that's a record for me, and they were all the popular ones!  Also, it's easy to forget that disneyland has some amazing food offerings. I suggest getting the corndogs near the main fountain, try some skewers near the Jungle Cruise ride, and try out Jolly Holiday's confectionaries and soup!  Lastly, my newest favorite attraction is the star wars building where you can meet the characters who stick to their roles. Kylo Ren crushed it considering he was super intimidating!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is awesome. Employees at Disney are nice. Disney keeps the park clean. Each ride has a unique feature and employees dress differently for each land/rides. Disney has such a special touch to everything. You can't see this place for a day. I would get 2 days minimum. I think 3 days is enough. Tips Start early. Fastpass is the way to go. If you start later, all fastpasses will disappear  Look into maxpass, easier way to get a fastpass You can bring water and snacks. Will save you lots of $ Watch the 2nd evening show. First one is more crowded  If you have little kids, I usually buy Disney stuff before the trip ($ store, stuff on sale) I bring my own glow in the dark stuff (really expensive at the park) Go to the most popular rides at the end of the day (faster line)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I literally love Disney. This is honestly my favorite theme park I've ever been too. The first time I went I was 6yo then I went when I turned 18 and I'm still obsessed. Now I'm 19 years old and I still act like a 10 year old going on the small rides. The lines for some of the rides are superrrrr long but you just need some great company and it'll go by fast. Besides, every ride here is amazing so the wait is worth it. I like how you can check on their app to see what time the fast passes go on.  I bought 2 of the SoCal 2-day park hopper tickets for $408 and they were cheap compared to getting one day park hopper.  My favorite rides so far have been Guardians of the galaxy &amp; radiator springs racer (even though the line goes up to 90 minutes or more) there's waaaaay more but the list would be too long.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I miss my favorite place in Cali. From collecting light sabers to walking 20,000 steps, there is no other place that will light up a smile on my face. Hopefully after COVID 19 we can reunite and see the attraction in California adventures!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It really is the happiest place on earth! \u00a0The cast members do a great job trying to help make sure everyone is safe.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So sad to report. Disney is going down hill. The only care they have now is, parting you with as much money as they can. The majority of employees there are rude and miserable. We purchased annual passes to the tune of 2k and stayed at the Grand California Hotel, and were treated like absolute dirt. Rude cast members, rude hotel employee's, horrible security. When passing through the metal detectors from our hotel to the park a very rude security officer sent me through and then as my mother started to walk through she grabbed her by the wrist and pushed her back. My mother is getting up there in age and has some walking issues due to an accident (she has steal rods and pins in her femur) and weights about 90 lbs soaking wet. This grab and shove almost put her on the ground. I flipped out and yelled at her to take her hands off of my mom. I said you have no right or reason to put your hands on a guest. She claimed that she only tried to stop her from going through because I beeped. I told her I don't care, she can NOT touch a guest. Supervisor \u00a0was called and she was removed. Hopefully this wannabe cop is out of a job. All in all this trip was blah. Really sucks to drop almost 3k to be bullied and treated like trash. This is corporate greed at its finest. I know this review won't keep people from going, because its \"Disneyland\" and I know my review doesn't change that, but beware and take into consideration if spending the amount you do is worth it when you are just \u00a0$$$$ to them and nothing more. The magic is gone. We did met two fabulous employees there that gave me some hope. Sunday morning we were woke nice and early(6 am) by the sound of someone using a power drill in the next room. I mentioned it to the hotel reception and we were given max passes for a few rides later that day. The other was a fabulous cast member at Grizzle rapids, she had a system the expedited the line process and smiled the whole time. So a glimmer of hope........  PS: forgot to mention, half the park is under construction, rides are falling apart. We were on splash mountain and it broke down mid ride,the fire department had to come in and help remove people. \u00a0Standing in line at the Matterhorn after 30 minutes it broke down and closed and the lines OMG the lines are hours long.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The crowds have made Disneyland miserable. \u00a0There is no crowd control and in my opinion it is very unsafe (especially during closing hours when people are being herded out like cattle). \u00a0If you are visiting the park, like we did during the Summer or other holidays be preapared to stand in lines a minimum of 1-2 hours (even with a fastpass). \u00a0During our Summer visit, we were there when the park opened and left at closing. \u00a0During this time, we miserably waited in lines so long that we didnt even get to ride 1/4 of the rides. \u00a0To spend so much money and not get to ride atleast 1/2 the rides because of the lack of crowd control is ridiculous! \u00a0Disney says they are working to improve crowd control, but they have been saying this for years and it only seems to get worse. \u00a0During the peak seasons, they should sell a maximum number of tickets and no more. \u00a0(And by maximum, I mean per comfort level- not what the city has allowed \"max capacity\"). \u00a0 Be prepared to be dissapointed and you might actually enjoy yourself. \u00a0It isnt what it used to be, sadly...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is ridiculous! \u00a0They allow way too many people in. \u00a0Never going back! \u00a0So sad. Grew up in the OC and have been going there for 50 years. \u00a0My dad worked there in the summer a couple of year when he was off as a teacher. He guarded the haunted mansion. Such a different place even 8-10 years ago. It is no longer clean. And crowded beyond belief not even worth the money. \u00a0What are they thinking?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Came All the way from Europe to So Cal on my anniversary to go to Disneyland! Such a disappointment 9 major rides and attractions closed,no firework show or costume characters. Was never told prior to entrance that the park is under major construction. When a family member we were visiting was made aware of this after we return from Disneyland she called and spoke to Disneyland customer relations and was told by the rep that Disneyland had been this way for 6 months!!! And they only post it on the internet and not prior to entrance at the park. Beware!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disneyland we're talking about here. Still undefeated in 2018, it's everything anyone could ever ask for. It really is the greatest place on earth.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'll be honest, I love Disney. This was my first visit to Disneyland and my first review of Disney overall. Only a few cons. Wheel chairs at $30 and electric chairs at $60 seems a bit pricey. Because anyone who needs them probably -really- needs them - so what do you say Disney, let's cut them a break. Also, for Fast pass one tweak would be to allow more than one at a time. Another tweak is to consider FP for Peter Pan and a few others in Fantasyland and other classics that typically have long lines. Also I was heartbroken to find upon arrival that Pirates of the Caribbean was closed!!!! Ugh!!!! Shame shame shame LOL. Please fix it while the park is closed. (Yes, I did say that.) A few locations need more bathrooms, in particular the one near the Mexican restaurant. If there is a line on a slow day, you need more.  For most of my visit I give snaps! We pre-purchased our hoppers. The entry process was made very easy. Even on a busy day it wasn't terrible. The staff members make the process easy. The app is the perfect assistant during your visit. \u00a0It is your best friend. It lets you know hours, wait times, fast pass locations, restaurant locations and menus, bathroom locations and more. The bathrooms were very clean for the constant use they receive. The cast members are all insanely cheerful, friendly and extremely helpful. Fast pass... what can I say other than its brilliant. And because of the security measures they have in place I felt safe and secure while in the park. The shuttle system worked like a well oiled machine. It saved us a lot unnecessary stress and exhaustion after a big day at the park. The stroller rental at $15/day and boy did it come in handy with an average of 25000 steps per day. The park is large and working fast pass can have you walking a lot. It's very worth it though - but remember, the train can help! If the line for the train is short use it! It can get you across the park quickly. You can bring food into the park but if you weren't able to pack anything they have a variety of options. And for a park the food was reasonably priced. Gift items ranged from reasonable to insane but you see that anywhere. The park has been maintained extremely well. Very impressed by how well it has been maintained. Oh and a word on Star Wars... tomorrow land.... from a fan ~ AWESOME!!!!! So from my childhood something rides have disappeared but I'll admit my sadness about it doesn't overrun my desire to return. As long as they keep the oldies but goodies, I'll be ooookay!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This review is ONLY for the workers that check your tickets/annual pass to enter the park. There were 5 people in our group that purchased the one day hopper tickets. On our second day of our trip we went to Disney California Adventures. When we entered my sister could not find her ticket, so we figured she had lost it after a loooooong day of shopping. We asked the lady that was working what could we do, and her response was, \"idk you can't go in without a ticket\", with the most rudest attitude ever! I thought to myself, theres no way that we can not enter after spending so much money on a ticket! So, I asked once again if theres anything we can do and she just said you can TRY to go to the ticket booth and see what they can do for you. I was really upset on the way we got treated. I thought Disneyland was suppose to be the happiest place one earth? And mind you, it was not busy at all, so she had all the time to help us out. I really wish I would have got her name! I also do not see how they were not able to look her up by her name? They take a picture as soon as you enter.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "When I checked mouse wait to see when we could use our passes it said tomorrow is available. \u00a0My pass normally does not allow Sunday's but mouse wait said it is available. \u00a0I checked for the next couple weeks and it also had other Sunday's available so I was very excited to think Disneyland opened up more available days. We planned to go tomorrow but a friend suggested I call just to make sure. When I called I explained to the man what mouse wait said and that I was just making sure. He was very rude and said ma'am you signed a contract stating no weekends so no its not available. I said your site says it is and I would have been extremely upset if I would have drove down for them to not honor what they posted. He said I haven't seen it but we will change it. Offered no apologies just that we know we have no availability on weekends. So much for customer service once they know they have you locked in a contract. This will be our last year.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's tough to write a bad review for Disneyland but here it is. First and foremost I was shocked they didn't even pay there people 15 an hour and that's still not enougj. So what does that mean when you have a few rockstar employees and the rest just don't care at all? Dirty bathrooms, garbage left piled up everywhere and too many disinterested employees. And they love to send you. 20 page survey made 20 years ago and instead of simply asking what worked and what didn't. Also max pass app would be excellent it there IT department could get its act together and get the batch processes and computer on the same time as everyone's cell phone!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Some friends and I came here to celebrate his birthday and it was spectacular!  We met up around 9 AM and stayed until 10 PM staying for a total of 13 hours at the park! \u00a0For a Tuesday, it was more busy than usual, but we were able to experience the following 12 attractions:  Big Thunder Mountain, Space Mountain, Haunted Mansion, Splash Mountain, Mad Hatter's Tea Party, Mr. Toad's Wild Ride, Snow White, Carousel, Storybook Land Boat Tour, BuzzLight Year's Asteroid Blaster, Autopia, Matahorn, and Star Tours.  Not too shabby for a single day at Disneyland. \u00a0Parking is easy at Mickey and Friend's, but they did price hike the general parking. \u00a0I was using the so-cal resident 3 day park deal which averages to $60 for a single park day visit. \u00a0I consider this a great deal!  We ate a lot of nice snacks such as a Celebration Churro, Raspberry/Pineapple Dole Whip, Bacon Jalapeno Fritters, Strawberry Funnel Cake, and a Chimichanga.  Unfortunately, a lot of rides were being refurbished like my personal favorite, Indiana Jones. \u00a0It's a good thing there were so many rides in Disneyland, so it's not like we had time for everything!  Park staff are really kind and attentive. \u00a0My friend had a birthday button and he was constantly celebrated as we wandered around the park. \u00a0The customer service here is phenomenal and I always know I'm going to have a great time at Disney because of it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Bye We will never be visiting again How can you think raising for hopper passes to $200.00 is a good idea??? \u00a0Families can not afford that rate. \u00a0Ridic  I don't have kids and can afford it but for sure won't ever be coming back I'm sorry but if you are loosing money but i highly doubt it !!!! We come once a year at least  It's too bad My husband and I really enjoyed and looked forward to our three days at the parks  Bye forever", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I come spishell to ca to come to the hotel and it's been close I have bad time over there we pay 160$ per ticket", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I know that this review, is not going to do anything and, will fall upon deaf ears since, I am one customer out of the billions... I was born in Orange County so, Disneyland has been a fixture in my life since, I was a wee child. I have loved Disneyland and, truly thought it was the \"happiest place on earth\". The magic that Disneyland once had is now lost. I've consistently, had a season pass since I was 17 and, loved that when I went, I had the added benefit of being able to stroll through the park without the pressure to get on everything. I would take the time to walk around and, soak up the ambiance of the park...I especially, enjoyed the fall and Christmas decorations which would just help to boost that holiday spirit.  The past few years the park has become so focused on profits and, it is shown through in the experience. You can no longer stroll through the park without walking shoulder to shoulder with people, being ran over by strollers, feeling herded. You can not soak in the ambiance, enjoy the decorations because, it is toooo damn crowded...the whole day ends up feeling stressful rather than magical. Disneyland has always been crowded and, you always go knowing you are going to wait in lines...but, waiting in lines just to get around the park (not just on rides) is seriously, unacceptable.   We went yesterday (we are trying to get the most out of our passes before they expire) Disneyland, is having their Mikey's Halloween party and, we were informed the park was closing at 6:00pm which is fine but, we started feeling rushed out 3 hours before the event was even going to start. Also, speaking of Mickey's Halloween party...I had purchased tickets to this event every year since, it started. It was so fun and, I would take my god kids and, it was great fun. In the beginning it was affordable and worth the cost. They have more than doubled the price since the start of this and, it's only been a thing for about 5 or 6 years...inflation isn't that much!! It's that damn greedy rat. The last year we bought tickets, they had most of fantasy land closed off...ummm this is supposed to be an event for children and, my godson was only 4 and could only go on a handful of things.  My pass expires in December...I've decided I will never purchase another pass again. I was a devoted Disney fan and, now when I hear someone mention Disney I can't think of anything nice to say, about a company I once loved.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland makes so much money that you would think they would at least figure out their parking situation.  We went today with high hopes of having a good time. The parking lot adjacent to the park was jammed and closed after 4:30 pm (too many cars).  Fine . You would think a corporation that just made billions at the box office on top of billions at these parks would figure out a quick and easy solution for the thousands of guests after 4:30 on a Saturday.  But no. Be our guest is just a stupid song from Beauty and the Beast; it doesn't hold true at Disneyland. They made us park at a ghetto waiting area they call \"harbor parking\" across the street from Morton's Steak house. What a disaster . This area is seemingly miles from Disneyland. The line to get into their ghetto trucks they rented, which looked like retired Greyhounds, was a mile long. I would not do all this for money, and here I am paying them hundred, thousands of my hard earned dollars. People deserve more.  If all of this was not enough the idiots working at Disneyland and CALIFORNIA Disney adventure were rude all day. Rude about helping us with the lines, rude about the food, rude about Star Wars. How can you be rude about Star Wars ?!?!? Listen buddy if you're going to be working at Disneyland you better be happy; or else find another job. We ask this guy if the line is for the future ride and he tells us I don't know all I can say is \"there are trees and rocks\". WTF we know there are rocks and trees dumbass we were simply asking if this is the new upcoming attraction. Be nice and say I can't say anything it's a secret.   I don't know why we put up with this kind of abuse and always say next time will be better . \u00a0Because the shows are not bad and the old rides still have that Disney Magic I guess.  To the lovely people that work at Disney corporate please fix your damn parking woes your real guests deserve better . This isn't a goddam movie. People are paying real money. The only ones getting a free ride are the feral cats.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Prices OUTRAGEOUS! $101 for a Park Hopper(both parks) Ridiculous! Why is this so called family fun resort gouging families? Families, its time to boycott letting Disneyland to get real. Either they lower the price or go back to E-ticket booklets where we have choices. Our seniors who care only to walk around and eat at already outrageous prices, care not at unlimited rides. GIVE US A CHOICE!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Leaving the park very disappointed today. As a long time annual pass holder, iv seen Disney many different ways. However, this trip to Disney stuck out more than most and not in a good way. First off my boyfriend and I had to basically go thru TSA security but just to enter the park. The security guard (Mike) was by far the biggest asshole in all of Disneyland. Then after we're finally in the park, we were disappointed to see many of our favorite rides were closed. And all of the employees must be on the same cycle or something because they were rude and unhappy to everyone.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Been coming here two times a year for over 20 years. We are a family of five. When we go we buy all three meals, drinks, snacks, desserts and souvenirs. We also almost always stay at a Disney hotel. \u00a0Unfortunately, this year was a terrible experience. The crowds were beyond anything we have ever seen. The rides were crazy wait times or broken down. The worst part was how the crew treated the customers. I have been a business owner for 19 years. With my 70+ employees, I drill in how important customer service is. Because without them we have no business. I watch over and over again the crew members in the park being rude to the customers. They were either too busy talking to one another to be bothered or were making fun of the customers. For example, when Space Mountain was shut down, which is no one's fault there was not one or two \u00a0crew members there to inform the customers that it was closed and they didn't know when it would reopen, but FIVE. The problem however was the way in which they informed people. They were loud, laughing at the customers not just behind their back but right in front of them. They were making the customers feel as it was an inconvenience that the customers wanted to know what was happening. Two of the workers, Jay and Holly were the worst of the five by far, clearly talking about the customers and having a bad attitude. I just happened to be there off to the side with my family. This was however what I saw time and time again on this trip. Walt himself, would be so very upset by how his workers were behaving. There were however a couple of great crew members I saw in action. for example, Kenny from Lakewood was working Splash Mountain and he was top notch. Maria was working the coffee place in the center by the castle and she had amazing customers service skills. I have modeled my business to be like \"The Happiest Place on Earth\". Whenever my workers are having a bad day, I take them aside and say \"Remember when we come in this door we put on our Mickey suit\". I just want to remind the crew members at Disneyland to put on their \"Mickey suits\". Until then, we will not be returning", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It was my first time visiting Disneyland to celebrate my birthday, Staff was very Rude , purchased the preferred parking , when we parked the employee asked for a ticket we gave him the receipt he laughed and said this is not a ticket and we told him that's all we received , we did not receive anything else and he made a smart remark and laughed. Got on the small world ride an employee asked an elderly couple to get off the ride because they needed the seats for a group , if it wasn't my turn to get off the ride I would of gave them my seat . We got on the Star Wars ride an employee wheeled a handicap person in and just left him , he didn't even bother to help buckle him up , a kind citizen did! \u00a0Majority of the employees have a grinch face and are not very kind , you ask them a question and they seemed bothered. It was extremely packed getting ran over by strollers!!! The only characters that were out were Mickey &amp; Minnie of course and Pluto , goofy and Donald Duck", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So I drove from sacramento to la to take me kids to Disneyland just to be met with attitude and disrespect. I went to the mad hatter to buy my daughter and my mom some ears. Well employee Kimberly was just rude and disrespectful and tried to treat me like I was going to steal something. So I requested a lead. His name was either Anthonty or Andrew I can't remember, but as a lead he was no better you would have thought I was a thief the way I was treated this pretty much ruined our day and trip. I work to hard to do for my children to be treated like this. The fact of the matter is I Paid for my items like EVERYONE else. Don't treat the African American family with disrespect and light weight racism. And don't be a lead and do not a thing but ask me what do you want me to do!!! I want you to do something because this was utterly wrong. We will not be going back. And that's sad because I have 6 children and they are all disappointed in how we were treated", "rating": 1}, {"text": "\"The Most Stressful Place on Earth\"  It was my family's first time to Disneyland.   Disneyland was so packed that we had to go to California Adventures until 4:30pm when we could enter Disneyland.   California adventures was a very boring park. It felt like a waiting room.  We also got Max Fast-passes (on the app); but most of the rides had no fast-pass reservations available because they were all taken for both parks. There were some available until later in the day(after 7pm)when the younger ones would already be too tired. The application was also very complicated to maneuver. Basically, it was a waste.   When we got to Disneyland, it was so full that we felt like cattle being herded.   Why did they sell parking lot spots if they knew that their amusement parks were full? Because they wanted to rob us.   I felt robbed of my happiness, money, and time.  I am too tired and upset to keep writing a review.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Let me start by saying that I've been a Disney fan for over 46 years, I also own stock. \u00a0This being said it saddens me to give this review. #1. \u00a0The new change to the Blue Bayou and most restaurants located in the New Orleans Square area have added preferred seating areas for the shows with meals, you cannot get in with making a reservation weeks in advance, not good for AP holders. \u00a0The quality of the food has gotten cheaper but the price higher. #2. \u00a0My last visit was on Sept 12th Tuesday, crowds capacity at 11:00am was 86% (the Disney app is not accurate on this or wait time for rides). \u00a0Everyday is crowded now and the good rides waits are an hour. \u00a0I have multiple chronic illnesses and the wait for those with disabilities is the same, I only have the energy for 3-4hours max which equals 4 rides for the day. \u00a0 #3. \u00a0The new disabilities accommodation is really a fast pass, you go to a queue and tell them the ride you want to go on, they look up the current wait time (say 45 mins) and give you a fast pass for the ride 45 mins later, you go to the ride with that pass and have to wait in another line for up to 15-20 mins more =Longer wait than going in regular line. \u00a0Bottom line...no disability accommodations at all. \u00a0I hope karma gets those who abused the old system that worked and now every truly disabled person suffers to the point of not been able to go anymore, SHAME ON YOU! #4. \u00a0Cast members are so rude and unhappy making Disneyland not the happiest place on earth. \u00a0I can't count the number of cast members that use the \"Have a Magical Day\", as a insult and it really means =screw you, go away and stop bothering me! \u00a0No smiles, no welcome, and they're attitude, facial expressions and actions scream I HATE IT HERE AND I HATE EACH AND EVERY GUESTS TOO. \u00a0A big THANK YOU to those few cast members that are still kind!  I don't know who is in charge of operations for Disneyland Anaheim but I'd love to hear his/her responses to these issues (not the canned blah blah blah)  My suggestions...  Get rid of annual passes...I know but it will cut crowds 1/2 and lines. Offer front of the line passes for 200.00 per day per person. \u00a0VIP is $2,400.00 per day which is too high. \u00a0Offer those with disabled not from doctor with doctors phone number and disabled persons name for 100.00 per day. Better food quality and more veggies for higher prices. Let people rent/stay the night at Disneyland Castle or Walt's Apartment, create more places throughout the park people can stay the night at for $$$$ Get rid of the rude cast members, fire them ASAP. \u00a0Hire more seniors with a smile and vets. Replace the paper thin t-shirts and souvenirs made in china by slaves labor, get quality items made in the USA. More places to sit in the shade. I could list more but it's boring.   I look forward to hearing a response from a Disneyland Representative, I still know how to dream :)", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Went to this park in 2008,2012 and 2014. I have seen BIG crowds and it's like we're treated like livestock and be forced to move. I can't believe they're getting rid of benches in order to \"control\" crowds. \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0Really, Disney? Why don't you limit capacity and crowd control for this park? This park has too many problems like overcrowding,LONG lines, cafeteria food, 50 year old(outdated) rides, dirty trash cans and I think to myself \"When was that cleaned????' and I also dislike the way the staff treat their guests like there's discrimination everywhere I look.   These guests deserve much better and they should go to Knotts instead to save money/sanity.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love Disney!!!! Hate the prices but I absolutely love Disney. Always a happy place. My kids and I will definitely always be Disney fans. Great rides great shows great food!!!! Great time. Love me some churros.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Won't return. \u00a0Getting cheaper and cheaper and charging more and more. \u00a0What a racket. \u00a0No thanks, not interested anymore. \u00a0Discontinuing our annual passes and won't be coming back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Truly the original Disney park. They do a really great job of preserving the original rides, and sharing the magic generation after generation. There are many timeless classics that I just couldn't see the park doing without.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So I'm here at Disneyland it's suppose to be the happiest place ever but the experience so far is very disappointed first parking we get parked way out don't know where then second the entrance they have little robo cops checking your bags and are they checking bags going thru all your purse don't get me wrong it's nice the security with all going on in the world but come on it feels invasion of privacy that's how I felt for lady's in front of me guy going thru their purses and asking if it's a sweater or blanket does it matter ? so far my day has turn into a shitty experience but the day still early ,1 star to the happiest place on earth only cause I have to rate", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Now that they load passengers opposite of the Downtown Disney stores, I find myself shopping there WAY less than I used to. It ends up being a choice at the end of the day to go wait in the massive crowds to go home, or go to the other side to go shop, eat, and spend money. I used to shop, eat, and randomly spend money just before getting on the tram. Since they've changed the loading zone location, I haven't eaten or shipped at Downtown Disney once. It feels so out of the way now.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "How could you rate Disneyland anything but 5-stars?!?!  I love this place so much I bought a signature annual pass.   If you're a first timer and want to get the most out of your trip, definitely download the Disneyland app and purchase MaxPasses for everyone. This allows you to get fast passes digitally and avoid having to physically go to each ride's fast pass distribution kiosks. Saves tons of time just walking around and you'll get on way more rides...  Not every ride has a fast pass AND you can still get fast passes without the MaxPass.  Get a corn dog at the little red wagon or head to Cali Adventure and get a HOT LINK corn dog.  The other super popular Disney bucket list foods are dole whips, churros, turkey legs, English toffee, peanut brittle, frozen bananas, and anyeverything shaped like a Mickey.  Enjoy your time there and don't get in fights in Toontown.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love this place, it has become my happy place. I enjoy every minute and never get tired of it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I just visited Star Wars land. My friend and I had so much fun. Be sure and try the food offerings. We loved it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If it wasn't for my 5 year old niece, I would never have set foot on this place ever again. \u00a0I felt like it was standing in line all day for a 2 minute ride. \u00a0The only ride that really made a mark was The Twilight Zone elevator thingy. \u00a0That one was scary. \u00a0I would ride it again but it would be another hour wait. \u00a0Forget it. \u00a0  And why do theme park food suck? \u00a0Hotdog, pizza, sandwiches, french fries, blah, blah, blah.....  Universal Studios is way better. \u00a0But hey, the kiddo had fun. \u00a0That was priceless.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland has the same rides as many years ago, there are many rides that look old and are breaking down. You are paying hundreds of dollars to stand in line for hours and do short rides. The fact is that Disneyland doesn't care about customers, they let too many people into the park so no one can do much and Disney just racks up more and more money.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I went by myself and had a fabulous time. Doing things for the first time. Mostly I run behind my friends and family to ride all the rides. This time I got to do what every I wanted. I got the 1 day $10 photo pass and had their photographers take pictures of me all day long. It was fabulous. Soon as I arrived all the characters were right behind the train station as we waited to enter the park. It was so relaxing, not having to chase everyone down all day long. The characters were so nice to me as they greeted me and posed for a picture. I no longer felt so alone. I took my first train ride around the exterior of the park and realized that if I took the train I could get off in several locations and avoid over walking. A little known secret. I also was able to hop on the horse drawn car and get a ride to the Castle. There is a staff member that walks ahead to make way for the horse. Since I went alone, I was able to have the silhouette artist do a picture of me, my pooch, and mickey from a photo. It looks fabulous and such a great treasure. I should have gotten one more frame as I was sad to have to double up when I got home. Next time we'll get another frame.   I was surprised that Pooh corner wasn't more busy due to the release of the new Christopher Robinson Movie. The store turned mostly to Disney general items, they used to specialized in Pooh items, and I was sad I wasn't able to find specialty items. It was so fun being able to get in one line for all 3 characters. I wish there was a Disney photographer here. They do a fabulous job, worth framing. I also got to meet Jack and Sally for the first time. I wish they had them together.   I couldn't believe the line for the dole whips and floats. I've never had one before and had no idea it would be so long. It was delicious. I like the float as you get a whip and a drink.   The most unique and usable souvenir I got was a snow white case otter box phone case. Both high quality and fun.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This was our first visit to Disneyland, my first experience w any type of Disney experience! Everything was fantastic; loved the layout of the lands (Tomorrowland, Fantasyland, etc.); loved that each land has so many specific details---all makes the experience wonderful!  The day was great, a little overwhelming, so if you go, take an hour or two siesta after lunch, so you have energy to go back for the fireworks, which were amazing!! The show, projected onto the castle matches the music, and was so fun to watch; my husband even danced during the fireworks music--HE NEVER DANCES!! Disney is some kind of magic!!   Loved the themed foods and if you go make sure you try dole whip. Nom nom!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ticket rip off! \u00a0Given a gift from my daughter...we flew down and she bought all the tickets in May. Visit was this past Tues. \u00a0Got to park in the pouring rain.....and found out our ticket did not take us up to closing..no they had a Halloween party from 5-11 and if you wanted whole day admission you pay another $95 in advance! \u00a0 So at 6:00 all were ushered out, my daughter needed to use restroom and because we had no armband at 5:5o she was NOT allowed to use the Ladies room. \u00a0Also a lot of the bg attractions were closed for repair and or until the nights party! \u00a0 \u00a0Noplace on the web was this announced when they sold her the tickets! \u00a0 She paid full price for a half day and we didn't even have that many rides to chose from. \u00a0Went on Pirates 5 times because not much else to do. \u00a020 yrs ago the employees were smiling and friendly, now they look hateful. \u00a0Also it was wall to wall people due to the party from 5-6 so basically you had nothing to do but survive the screaming kids. \u00a0Also the kiosks in the lockers don't work and cash didn't either, swallowing $10  Wish We held on to memories 20 yrs ago, now it is ruined!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ok. Used to love this place and been buying passes for well over 10 years. I purchased another pass online for 2 family members and Disneyland was super good about pulling it from my account. Now let me say that I have bought passes for 6 people almost every year for the last 10 years. Evidently after my heart attack 5 years ago (2013) I had some money I owed in my payment plan for which I honestly didn't remember about since I bought passes in 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017. I pid in full all these contracts and was never sent any letters saying I owed the money for 2013 (even when I evidently missed payments). Now I know what your thinking. Your thinking that if I owe money quit being a cheapskate and pay for what you owe and I agree whole heartedly. The issue is that I never was told once in the subsequent 5 years that I owed a single thing and even after logging in my Disneyland account and buying these passes I was never told I couldn't buy the passes. My money was taken and when my kids went to Disneyland they were told they couldn't get their passes and I owed. I'm at work and they are 50 minutes away so it's a bit of a drag to hear about this from my kids when I can't do anything about it.   I called customer service and they said they are cracking down on delinquent accounts and that I need to pay what I owe first then they can give me my passes I paid for. I asked for a refund and they said they would bump it up but I would need to call back to \"see\" how much I would be refunded. What?!?! \u00a0They are now holding my money ransom. Luckily my bank will help me get my money back since I paid for a 2019 pass NOT for a prior debt.   I think I would have been a lifelong Disney fanatic if they said \"we will let you get these 2 passes but we won't be able to issue more if you dont pay your outstanding balance.\" \u00a0But oh well. I guess Disneyland will no longer be visited by me and my family.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "play good music i like it \u00a0food good i love you Disney \u00a0land park \u00a0i wat \u00a0Again Disney \u00a0land park \u00a0on i love you.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I usually have a great experience at Disneyland. \u00a0Not tonight, Alec a cast member held a partition rope up for some girls to go under and as my wife started to go under he dropped the rope on her. There was eye contact made and he said you can't go this way. I reported this to Cody and others and they said they would handle it. I know they talked with him. As we were leaving I saw him laughing with two other cast members as we approached \u00a0him, thinking he would apologize and accept some culpability but no, he appeared hostile. The discussion with him seemed to make things worse and his friends supported his behavior.  Is Disney changing its patron policy?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Clearly the theme resort has someone on the payroll at Yelp. Not clean and overcrowded is an understatement. We made the mistake of getting pizza here and the tasteless cardboard in our guts doesn't stop expanding. We will never come back!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "They took my pass from me cuz my gf accidentally used mine then hers and they wont let me in even though we both have paid for our tickets \u00a0and I've had a pass for over 11 years", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The food court is terrible. The same person that takes the order serves it. 20 minutes to take an order, 15 minutes to serve it. Service is It's terrible! I didn't expect this from Disneyland. People with crying hungry kids, waiting in line for 45 minutes when it should only take 15 minutes. No supervision. The way they do this is not to accommodate guests at all. Will go outside and eat next time.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great place to be! Very organized, decent prices, is a wonderful place to be! Would recommend to everyone", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is our second time here with the kids and they are having a blast. The Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique was fantastic for our six year old who absolutely loved it. The Indiana Jones ride is a favorite. Space Mountain and Space Tours, along with some other favorites.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "First, let me start by saying that I have very particular guidelines for going to Disneyland. My visits take place on weekdays (preferably not during school breaks), not during the summer (preferably when the weather is colder), with as few people as possible (I'm an introvert and big groups tend to be indecisive), arriving when the park opens so I can tackle my favorite rides in Adventureland and New Orleans Square. When I spend the money that Disney asks for, the stars must align so I know I receive everything I desire out of the $100+ experience.  I am a huge kid inside so, while I'd love to take some kids and see Disneyland through their eyes while pointing out the stuff my meticulously detailed mom did with me when we used to visit, if I can go without kids and employ the single rider option, I'm definitely down to do so.  Let me get the biggest con out of the way - this place is crowded and parents think the fascination their kids experience while here makes it okay for them to cut in front of you and block your parade views. It's not. But if you go within the parameters I go, you will experience less of this. The other con is that the food here isn't that tasty or hot. I used to think my mom was just being cost effective when bringing a backpack full of her fried chicken into the park. I, now, realize that bringing your own vittles means not waiting in line to spend a small fortune on nourishment for your physically demanding day.  Let me tell you why Disney can (and does) charge so much... their attention to detail is second to none [especially any other (local) amusement parks], especially for a crazy-observer-of-surroundings like me. As above-mentioned, my mom pointed out the darndest of things to me when we visited during my childhood: how the trees in Haunted Mansion as you are laid backward have ghoulish faces within them and the piano keys play along with the music without a visible player; the details captured in character parades that are more obvious in the animated movies; the realistic hairiness of the pirate's leg that hangs above an overpass in Pirates of the Caribbean... the list goes on!  The only time I've seen \"help needed\" areas in this Park is during my last visit last week - 1) in Splash Mountain, there was an owl whose right eye stayed mid-shut while the other opened and closed within full range, and 2) in Ariel's Grotto in Storybookland, they need a longer and wider flap to conceal the orange cone and ladder behind the seaweed-enhanced waterfall. I don't recall seeing any of those items in \"The Little Mermaid\". (This ride could also use more lighting for the evening riders to see each setting.)  Check out the website for So Cal Resident and Veterans Deals.   While I wouldn't necessarily call this the Happiest Place on Earth, with visit guidelines and an affinity for childhood nostalgia related to Disney, you can have a great time here...  2018 Challenge - 40 of 100", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The cost and long lines is expected. It's a business. What can't be excused is the rude behavior and comments coming from employees to patrons. Let's just say she nearly smashed my grandsons ankles had I not acted promptly to her attitude. I did not get her name but I never forget a face. It is suppose to be the \"Happiest Place on Earth!\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I did another alone day and I stand by my original review. Radiator Springs was a 50 min wait but as a single rider, I walked onto the ride right away. It was so easy that I rode it twice. Walking at whatever pace (which, for me, is very brisk) is a luxury. And, now that I have an infant, being able to zip through the park and do the things I wouldn't be able to do with her is liberating.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Who doesn't love this place.... every child dreams of visiting one day. I've been lucky to go more times than years I'm alive.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "really is the happiest place on earth, maybe in the galaxy, since there is a new land ;) so much fun!! great detail!! storm troopers and kylo ren and lightsaber making and droids are FANTASTIC", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Just absurd. \u00a0The entrance obese rude staff was giving us a hard time with terrible attitude. \u00a0 She says we need prove this ticket is ours. \u00a0I'm a annual pass holder, and I bought my date a $150 park hopper ticket. \u00a01. Why would she think this ticket isn't ours like its stolen? \u00a0We aren't ghetto or shady, I'm carrying a annual pass, well dressed and Asian (not that race should matter, but not the type to be cheap, Porsche car key and brand name clothes and accessories etc.) Fine she wants to be a b*tch and give us a hard time. \u00a02. I show her the receipt I just bought the f'ing ticket $150 today's date and time. \u00a0She still says no! PROVE its ours. \u00a0I have my name on the receipt, today's date, paid with my credit card. \u00a0WTF, what is her f'ing problem. Her attitude becomes more snarky and b*tchy. \u00a0Really..... paid $150 for this bullsh*t. \u00a0After going back and forward showing all the photos to prove this ticket is ours and we were here all day at the park she backs the f*ck off. \u00a0If management reads this her name is Lauren from Whittier/CA she's fat with a terrible attitude. \u00a0 Worse gate staff ever. \u00a0Never coming back or renewing my pass. \u00a0Not worth to deal with rude retarded staff to piss me off when I'm suppose to enjoy the amusement park. \u00a0Happiest place in earth? \u00a0Take your money and treat you like second class citizen place.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Recently Genevieve and I got a chance to cover many of the new things at Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure that have come in since our last visit to the park. \u00a0We have made many trips to Downtown Disney and to the various restaurants and hotels around the park but had not had the opportunity to visit the park since December of 2016. \u00a0 Our first stop was California Adventure and we were in awe of the gorgeous Halloween decorations which adorned the park and also the Halloween costumes that the characters were as they greeted with fans throughout the park.  We made our way to Soarin as it is one of our favorite attractions and we have not had the chance to experience since it was updated to reflect a theme of gliding over the world versus only California.  The new experience is simply amazing as we soared over locales ranging from Paris to the Great Wall of China, India, and Africa to name but a few. One of our favorite moments was soaring over an African savannah and actually being able to smell the grass and aroma of the locale area.  Once back on the ground, we made our way too many favorites such as Grizzly Rapids and the Little Mermaid before we made our way to Pixar Pier. After a stop for coffee and a fantastic tour of the bakery and some Sourdough Bread samples, we made our way to the pier and took in all the amazing new Pixar themed locales. The Incredicoaster was a great update to the Roller Coaster and the numerous Pixar themed dining options were a real treat.  Of course we had to take in Midway Madness and were delighted to see that it is now available via Fast Pass. Disney now offers a Max Pass which for a nominal fee, allows guests to book Fast Passes in both parks online. This is a huge time saver and you no longer have to walk over to an attraction to get a pass. You can simply get it online and spend your time on attractions in your area.  While we explored the park we noticed the Stark Industry fencing around A Bugs Land which showed the changes coming as a new Marvel themed area is set to open in 2020.  We also made sure to enjoy Cars Land which was decked out in Halloween splendor including the amazing characters from the series such as Tom Mater in his Vampire outfit. \u00a0A thrilling race on Radiator Springs Racer was just the thing to cap off our morning.  We made our way to Disneyland next and took in more of the amazing Halloween decorations along Main Street USA as we made our way to Adventureland.  Attractions ranging from The Jungle Cruise, Pirates of the Caribbean, The Haunted Mansion, and Splash Mountain followed and we especially liked the Nightmare Before Christmas theme the Haunted Mansion has during this time of year.  For those looking ahead to 2019 and the opening of Star Wars Galaxies Edge; we could see the amazing progress that has been going on and a scenic view from Big Thunder Mountain showed just how large and detailed this amazing expansion will be.  There are many things happening at the park in terms of updates as we saw fencing around The Matterhorn as updates are underway and it shows the continued commitment to Walt's vision that the park would never been completed as long as there is imagination left in the world. It would be difficult to chronicle all the things we did on our visit but suffice it to say that we made sure to visit as many of the attractions as we could and also enjoyed the amazing Fireworks and entertainment the park offers. You will want to make sure to check online for the schedule for Mickey's Halloween Party as some nights will see the park close early for the event.  Disneyland continues to entertain and amazes as no matter how many times we visit, it is always a magical experience that brings back memories of being a child as well visiting the park for the first time with my wife. \u00a0   Our Granddaughter recently turned two years old and we are already looking at the amazing story of her first visit to the park as we cannot wait to see the magic and joy of experiencing the park through her eyes. The parks will make their magical Holiday transformation in November so if your plans take you to Anaheim; make sure you visit and experience a truly memorable experience.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I return monthly to the most magical place in the world. I will always renew my pass.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland has gone from being about creating magical experiences to creating red tape that hinders the experience and frustrates visitors. Customer service used to be the cornerstone of this park and the company.   Recently, though, every interaction in planning our visit, from purchasing tickets to making dinner reservations, has caused headaches and severely detracted from our belief that this is the \"most magical place on earth.\"   The company is now discriminating against families larger than 5, prohibiting dinner reservations for any family larger than 5. And both the online reservation system and central dining services are confusing and not at all user friendly.   So disappointed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth we had a terrific time just hope you change your policy on fast pass", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The most magical place on earth, this place really brings back childhood memories. Just be ready to spend a lot!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "ITS DISNEYLAND GUYS !!!! It's nothing but the GREATEST HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH!!! They have totally upped their food game also !!! It's not just gross greasy theme park food!!!  Everything else speaks for its self.  We are pass holders so we go all the time and every time it's just as amazing. Walt Disney was a genius!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love this place. My family and I have annual passes and there is always something new to discover each and every time we go!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Yes, it can be crowded. Yes, the prices are very high and yes, you won't do 1/2 the things you think you'll do, but only Disneyland can transform your soul and spirit to a kid again. There is no place as magical than Disneyland. There is just something about this place. The park is spotless, the rides are fun (even Small World) and the shows are spectacular. The new fireworks show is stunning with the projections on the buildings along Main St. We arrived around 10 and left after midnight. We managed almost a dozen rides and loved every minute in the park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I went to Disneyland theme parks 2 weeks ago. It was insanely crowded and every ride for adults were more than 100 min wait, some rides were even temporarily closed due to high demand. All the rides on fast pass were not available. I think Disney might have taken more people in than its max capacity based on how ridiculously crowded it was. I contacted the customer service and they said they'd forward my message to leadership, but got nothing resolved for my own case", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Let me start with by saying that I'm AP(annual pass holder), so I off the bat love this place. I went here many of times as child and as I grew up, I out grew this magical place. Now that I'm an adult I realized that the kid side of me was never really gone and I fully have taken in the Disney side of myself. My wife and I are both AP, including our group of close friends. Personally at first I too thought hey this is for kids but you need to let yourself be open to the magic and let yourself enjoy it. Yes it's not cheap nor are the lines short but, nothing in life is easy and I'm ok with that. In fact we make monthly trips to Disney to get that fix that only pixie dust can full fill. It's a place of happiness and a little something for everyone, find what you're looking for.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Have had a pass for 6 years now! Never once have I gotten bored I love everything about all the Disney parks", "rating": 5}, {"text": "DISNEYLAND ON CHRISTMAS WAS NOT WHAT WE HAD HOPED. IT RUINED OUR FAMILY CHRISTMAS.   \u00a0 \u00a0 I have LOVED Disneyland since I was a little kid and it used to be so magical and amazing. I was a Disney kid. I've had a Disneyland pass for many, many years. Now it's seriously way too overcrowded to the point where it's hard to move. Forget about going on more than a few rides like you could years ago, unless you pay even MORE money to get the new fast pass. It seems like all Disney cares about now is making money. They overcharge for everything. This has ruined the beautiful family magic that Disneyland once had. Whoever is running things now needs to be fired before the beloved Disney name is ruined for good. I feel bad for Walt Disney. I truly think he wanted a magical place and not what it's become.   \u00a0 \u00a0 My family went to Disneyland last Christmas and paid a fortune. We were so excited for these 2 days for months, only to get there and not be able to move due to the over crowding situation. You actually have to dodge people to walk down the street. People are angry for paying so much of their hard earned money to try to get a happy day at Disneyland, only to get in there and stand in crowds everywhere you turn. Then my 78 year old mother got hit hard by a 20 something yr old man in a rented wheelchair and she fell down in tears, bleeding. The guy jumped up to check on her and all of a sudden he could walk fine. We had to take my mom back to the hotel room after only 2 hours in the park. The Disney hotel room was over $1,000 a night, which put my dad in a stressed, worried mood the whole trip.   \u00a0 \u00a0It's shocking how Disney now rips off the people who love Disney the most and on Christmas.   \u00a0 We finally gave up on trying to have Christmas in the park. We tried to have lunch there but it was longer than an hour wait at every place and our hotel, that we paid all that money for, had no reservations left. We gave up and left Disneyland and drove home. It ruined our Christmas.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I used to Love Disneyland, that changed when I took my little girl there and tried to buy tickets on-line. \u00a0I got an error msg from their end to the effect of \"we are sorry there was a problem with your order\" or something along those lines, no transaction happened and no confirmation page or tickets emailed. \u00a0I tried a few more times, same result. \u00a0Ok the site must be having problems I thought... we had to buy tickets at the gate, this wasn't a big deal.  To be fair, Amazing time at Disneyland.  Fast forward a few days we are getting a hotel to overnight in before leaving for home. \u00a0Card declined, what gives? \u00a0I check my account and find 5 online transactions for tickets totalling over $1500, this leaves us stranded in aneheim in the middle of the night without a place to stay. \u00a0Imagine what thats like with a small child. \u00a0Not only did it flatline my account but it also spawned overdraft fees. \u00a0It took over a week for the refunds to finally post, which created more fees and problems as we scrambled to make do.  To top it off Disney made no effort to amend the situation. When a company behaves this way, it ruins the fantasy.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "10 stars for the park! Just spent 4 days here and had a blast! It is super expensive though. One thing I did do, is get the annual pass. With the price compared to a three day hopper, you get a better deal. I also signed in on the Disneyland app for a max pass. Totally worth it! Fast passes were a breeze and so many times got times right after each other.   Now for my low rating. I know I will get bashed, but Star Wars land? A big bust in my book. Only one ride. No FASTPASS and single riders? Forget it. Definitely need reservations for OGA cantina. Drinks are terrible, staff is rude and super crowded. Most tables have no seats and you will be with strangers. You're on a timer in there and you're lucky if your server shows up to your table for the order! Even the bartenders move slow. Also, don't walk away from your table because you will lose it. No bathroom on the cantina either. Do not order the snacks they are disgusting.  A lot of work needs to be done in Star Wars Land. Best part of Star Wars land? You don't even see it from the park, so it doesn't interfere with the magic of Disneyland!  Make sure that you do make reservations for any lunch or dinner places. But there are also plenty of great pick up food spots too. One of my favorites is right next to Blue Bayou and Cafe Orleans. You can get gumbo in a bread bowl for more than half the price.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Toddlers are waiting in line for upto 60 mins to get on a 3 min ride like \u00a0\"Alice in the wonderland \". Kids have to go potty and they get hungry frequently. But in Disneyland they wait in line behind adults accompanying no kids. How is that fair? There are enough rides for adults.... atleast give kids preference on the rides that are meant for kids.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love this place! Crowded but awesome! Fast pass! Love California adventures. It's fun for adults!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ridiculous long lines...absolutely ridiculous. \u00a0We recently made the mistake of visiting the most miserable place on Earth and the highlight was supposed to be It's a Small, Small World. \u00a0There were about 4,000 people in line (exaggerating but close) and you are not allowed to wait in line with a stroller...are you kidding me? \u00a0They actually expect all parents to stand in the HOT SUN holding babies and small children that are hot and sweaty and don't want to be held. \u00a0I've never heard of such a ridiculous rule in my entire life. \u00a0Disneyland, step up to the plate, quit being so greedy, and deal with the problems that you keep ignoring...like letting TOO MANY PEOPLE IN!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So the biggest complaint on all the reviews is the price and to that I say you gotta pay to play. But in all seriousness, Disneyland gets more expensive every year and it gets away with it. To help remedy the price hike epidemic of Disneyland I broke down the demographic of its crowd into 2 groups.   Group A. The Once A Year/Every Few Years Visitor (me lol) For this group of people I highly recommend you befriend someone who can get you into Disneyland for free. This is a lifesaver and it helps you enjoy the park without having to pay the crazy fee to get in. This is the method I employ because in my whole 22 years of life I've only been to Disneyland 3 times.   Group B. High Frequency Visitors (Multiple Visits a Year) For this group, I recommend buying the park passes. They are definitely expensive, but if you go enough times during the year they pay for themselves and more. I know more people that belong to this demographic than the first one so passes are a popular and great option to help cut the costs.  Now onto the next two sections of the review: How to Optimize Your Enjoyment at Disneyland and 5 Activities You Must Do While You're There.  How to Optimize Your Enjoyment at Disneyland: 1. Stay hydrated (bring water so you can easily hydrate) 2. Prepare to block out your whole day for the park or at least 5-6 + hours 3. Wear comfortable shoes (you will be walking at least 5 miles even for short visits) 4. Eat before going (enjoy more of the park and spend less on food) 5. Carry only the essentials (less to haul around and carry in lines)  5 Activities You Must Do While You're There:  1. \u00a0Grab yourself churros &amp; turkey leg 2. Capture great photos and videos  3. Take in the views and surroundings 4. Let your inner child loose 5. Check out the merchandise   You may have noticed the top 5 activities are very broad, but that's because doing those 5 things will ensure enjoyment at the park. Disneyland is for all ages to let their imagination and playfulness come out. I can't wait for the next time I go, free entrance to the park is definitely an added bonus! Disneyland may not be the happiest place on Earth, but nothing is stopping its visitors from being the happiest when they're there. Until next time Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The place where everyone feels like a kid and I love how they keep the park really clean. I've had my season pass for a few years now and now I convinced my husband to get a season pass next year.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Oh Disneyland Park is the Happiest place on earth, but not for our wallets.!  Agreed it is the Happiest Place on Earth and never too old for Disney, as the reason for this recent visit to the most expensive place on earth, I meant the Most Happiest Place on Earth, a special request from my daughter, she wanted to spend her 21st birthday at Disneyland, ( besides Vegas) I tried to search for great deals, but with no luck I made it happen for her. After researching, I found out there is no discount for just one day park hopper. Since we were going to be in California for just 2 days, we were only doing 1 day at Disneyland, park hopping. We were in luck since it is Pixar Season, which ticket prices goes up at this time. Ticket prices were 185.00 for park hopper per person for the 5 of us. Prior to planning the trip, my other half and son said they don't want to go, to save us money. They are not a fan of Disney. We are family and I wasn't going to let that pass. This is a special day for my daughter, you only turn 21 once and I want to make it special for her. I got our tickets and we were all ready for the Happiest Place on Earth!   I remember going to Disneyland when my big kids were little kids and we did the 4 day package. Back then it wasn't that Pricey yet, it was still affordable. I can see the major changes at Disneyland from 10 years ago. Ex. parking, it is HUGE, I can get lost in the parking lot, and the parking fee is now 20.00, I remember paying 10.00. There is a full security check before you enter.   Prior to our trip, I posted a question on Yelp Talk, re: advice and tips for Disneyland since it had been years since I've visited, I got some great advice and used them as best as I can. My advice, Do your research before going, if this is your first time, Its big bucks you are spending so you want to make the best out of your Disneyland trip.   Here are some tips, I hope this will help you,  Wear comfortable shoes and clothing, you will be doing lots of walking.  Roam the park at your own risk, don't over do it, rest if you need to.  Drink water, stay hydrated.  Bring water, drinks, I am so happy that Disney still allows you to bring in food &amp; beverage. Super important to carry extra water with you. Have someone not riding stand in line for you at the next ride.  Plan your rides out and plan what you really want to do in that one day, this is if you are only doing the one day park hopper like me.  Expect huge crowds, expect the long lines, make sure you have a meeting place if your family were to separate.   One of the tips in Yelp Talk were to get the turkey legs and beignets. The beignets were cute and yummy, but the turkey legs I got were a wierd color &amp; they were cold, while biting in to them I wasn't sure if it was cooked or not.   Despite the Disneyland being the most expensive place on earth, My family and I esp. my now 21 year, had the Happiest Experience @ The Happiest Place on Earth. They were priceless moments/memories spent @ Disneyland. I am not sure when we will be at Disney again but I am glad we were all there to celebrate.   Don't forget your Mickey &amp; Minnie Ears and Disney themed attire.  Enjoy &amp; Have lots of fun everyone!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "UPDATE: THEY DO NOT HONOR OR CARE ABOUT HANDICAPPED ACCOMODATIONS AND WILL NOT ALLOW RETURN TIMES FOR ANY REASON ANYMORE. I am a disabled combat veteran with a history if PTSD. I can't handle being surrounded by large crowds for prolonged periods for all the obvious reasons. As such I have been using their handicapped accommodation in order to go on rides without having an episode. I *thought* I was an an appropraote candidate for the service. It recently lapsed, and I was with a friend when I went to update it. I made a point to show them my service connected VA ID. They refused to reinstate it and used my friend's presence as an excuse. I said, okay don't give me plus 1. Just update it for myself so I don't have to come back and do this again. They STILL refused and would not give me a reason why. They also refused to check the history in the card as proof that I have had the service previously and I'm not \"hacking\" The Park. I HAVE SEEN PEOPLE IN WHEELCHAIRS DENIED THE SAME SERVICES MORE THAN ONCE. Disney Corp hates you if you can't literally run to waste your money in their parks. Fuck them in the fucking asshole with a machete. They aren't grateful for my service. They sure as he'll didn't care that I paid for the highest level premium annual passport, either. Fucking assholes.  What bullshit. Security there is more like becoming Disney property. If you have a stroller you have to unpack the ENTIRE thing so the security guy can look at everything you have. That includes private nursing equipment, medications, and other things you probably don't want them to see.  Also if you go into the Grand Californian you'll be subjected to a second serach, usually including a both metal detectors and wanding. Even belt buckles have to be opened to prove there isn't a tiny single bullet gun hidden inside them. This makes NO sense as there is already a search just to get onto Disney property now no matter where you enter from.   They aren't doing anything to secure the property. Of that was the intent they would have installed everything immediately after 9/11. All it does is give them a power trip. Now with the fire that happened today they will be searching vehicles. Just wait--it's coming.  If you are like every other passholder who paid an insane amount of money for your pass they will assume you're a terrorist and stop just short of making you strip for admission. I seriously thought they'd do a cavity search. I asked several times why a second search is necessary and all they said was \"because you have to do it again\" over and over without paraphrasing like I'm a fucking retard. Then he asked me why I keep coming and I'm like, \"because I paid over $1,000 for my passport.\" For the money I paid I think I deserve an answer as to why they believe my privacy is a threat to them.   They're so paranoid that they believe the park is about to be attacked. If it was going to be it would have been by now (again, NONE of this bullshit was in place until over 15 years AFTER 9/11). Sporadic incidents happen, sure. But nothing that threatens the entire park of it's guests. Even the dry ice bombs were more of a stupid prank than a fucking terror attack.  I should also mention that I've had my pass for 3 years AND I'm an army veteran. The treatment I'm subjected to is insulting to my intelligence and demeans my service. Why would I even have an annual pass if I planned on bombing the park? Even better--why are they assuming EVERYONE is planning something? Multiple security checks is beyond overkill. It violates reasonable privacy, it implies profiling, and it proves that their customers are nothing more than disposable cash cows for them to manipulate and brainwash. I came to have fun, not to have my integrity questioned and insulted.  Anyway, Disney corporation does not care about you or your safety. Only to reinforce the power their propaganda and aggressive marketing tactics to trick people into wasting their money inside the park. If you have almost $1,100 you don't need you'd spend it better on rent or a car payment or something that will actually mean something.  In other news they destroyed the Tower Of Terror and redecorated it with cheap shirty bullshit. Guardians was great...but the ride is a travesty. Nothing in the gallery moves. The personality and geunineness of the Tower has been stripped. All the nuance and subtlty of the place has been defiled and hidden. Even Jimmy Hoffa has been removed. Now there's no reason to go to DCA. Even Screamin' has lost its luster. Nope. I'm done. No more Disney shit parks for me.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Whoever the employee is that is in charge of parking logistics should be straight up fired! \u00a0I've had passes for years. \u00a0I get off the freeway each time and think I'm doing the right thing to get to the parking lot I parked at the previous visit, but NO, totally different parking everytime and I have to drive half way across town as a result. \u00a0Today I got off 5N on Harbor, turned right to get to main parking structure. \u00a0Closed??!?!?! \u00a0Funneled thru backside of California Adventure across Harbor and told to park at the Garden Walk parking stucture. \u00a0WT F. \u00a0I'm done with D Land. \u00a0Time for restructuring of all parking planning employees.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland. Disneyland has totally redeemed themselves. Galaxies Edge IS outrageously Amazing!!! There is something I need to point out at the Disneyland park.. There are a lot of younglings in the park and to make this short.. There is a lot of conjunctivitis spread through out the park..It's very contagious. I got off one of the rides and my contact felt out of place in my eye. I made the mistake of touching my eye lid to adjust it. Instantly my eye began to itch like crazy. Instantly!!! The itching eventually stopped within 5 minutes or so and that was it. It never itched anyone..About 3 days went by still enjoying the parks and I went to bed and by the 4 day low and behold. I got conjunctivitis!!!! At Disneyland!!:( \u00a0It ruined the whole rest of my trip!! Just so you know be aware of your surroundings. Avoid places like Toon town. Conjunctivitis is all through there.. Just so everybody is aware of this. Other then that Disneyland is such a magical place!! Disneyland though needs to take an approach on the conjunctivitis AkA pink eye.. Both my eyes got Infected. Ruined my day..I went and seen a doctor..This was just a couple of weeks ago..I still Love Disneyland!!! 5 stars for being such an amazing place!! The conjunctivitis has got to go!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Was surprised at the crowd of people on a school day. Even with the crowd had a FANTASTIC time enjoying Disneyland through the eyes of my grandchild. It will always be the \"Happiest Place On Earth\"", "rating": 5}, {"text": "im an AP holder and lets just say its amazing!! It does have its perks! I understand that the lines can be completely long sometimes but thats why its good to be an AP member; i usually go twice a week for about 3 hours; depending my availability that day of course! Its always nice going after a long day of work just to take a nice walk in the park and grab a churro or even a corn dog maybe do 1 or 2 rides; for me that's a very relaxing evening! I'm a local so i cant complain what so ever :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland!!! Happiest place on earth. Had a chance to visit the new attraction Star Wars land. It's very detailed and just makes you feel you are part of the story and movie set. Bar was cool as well you have a 45 min stay due to traffic. If you want to visit the bar it's best to do a reservation. I just lucky and was able to get in! It's very unique and the drinks are different. Try the one with the foam and talk to me after. Haha I recommend you visit it if you have a chance.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "OPEN, OPEN, OPEN!!  2020 will NOT be missed!! \u00a0  This year would of marked milestones for both me and my husband as we planned last year to visit our magical land for the continued celebration of creating long-lasting memories! \u00a0Disneyland is a place that can be elevating for all ages, and so any life celebration can always be a life altering after-thought! Our last visit was on 7.7.2007 and remember it like it was yesterday! \u00a0No matter the time we decide to visit, the first thought when entering Disneyland is that last experience and how it continues to get better with each visit!   Starting at 4 years old, than multiple Thanksgivings, multiple Christmas Days, multiple New Years, My 16th birthday, my Son's 13th birthday, our family all together on those Thanksgivings and Christmas Days, so many happy memories were made here, that even with the current condition, we are eager for more exhaustion from running around the park, train rides, and repeating the same fantastic attractions- The Haunted Mansion, Pirates of the Caribbean, and especially the new edition of Star Wars - we are giddy with excitement for that attraction sometime next year!!  The planning for this year's milestone was all shot to \"the heels\" and so we are just thankful they are keeping us all safe by not allowing anyone here until COVID is more in control and possibly defeated. It may still not be safe for some to visit even then, and may take until after a vaccine is safe for distribution, but that still does not remedy this issue, some people have re-imagined their lives to live as they please, regardless of who it may effect. \u00a0Sad, but true! \u00a0Our happy place will have to be re-imagined nonetheless, and so look forward to what ever that may be in the coming future!   #quarantinedreams #quarantinememories", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Hello everyone. I wanted to share my experience I've had with Disneyland. I want to first go over that I have been to other Disneyland(s) including the one in Florida and the one in France. I have to say there's nothing like the original. It's all in the customer service and the magical experience that Disney has to offer. I have been an annual passholder now for about five years so I write this review with all that experience in mind. Over the years Disneyland has offered a wonderful and magical experience for my fianc\u00e9 and I. It's the place we go to when we're bored it's a place we go to when we want to eat it's a place we go to quite often.   Having an annual pass allows us to go during the times when it's not so busy. So that's when we tend to go. I know that times it can get incredibly crowded but it's the original Disneyland so what are you expecting? I don't think it's fair to complain about wait times because if that's what you do at an amusement park you wait in line.   The food is always good at Disneyland but it's a little on the pricey side. You can always get good deals throughout the year if you wait for the food and wine festival.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Magic morning is ridiculous. My daughter's and I were rudely treated when we were trapped inside of ropes after riding Buzz lightyear and crossing over to adventure land which ended being closed. We didn't know only tomorrow land and fantasy land were open for magic mornings as it was our first magic \u00a0morning and we were so excited!! What a \"buzz kill\" to be spoken to so rudely and told we weren't supposed to be here and to go back to the beginning of Main Street behind hundreds of people we were in front of. The lady scolded us for being inside the ropes when THEY roped us in. She insisted in a rude tone to get our room key....what? We weren't staying in a Disney hotel. She then insinuated we weren't supposed to be here!? How rude!!!!!! We already got up at 5:30, to get here by 7:45, to wait in a line, have our stuff checked and present our ticket and wait again in Main Street. I've been coming to Disneyland for 40 years. I'm so disappointed, especially that my children asked what we did wrong and why the \"mean lady\" was mad at us. I'm never reliving this early morning nightmare again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Incredible experience! Truly the happiest place on earth! I love Disney!  Can't wait for Star Wars Land!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Can never go wrong the happiest place on earth. Memories with every trip . Make sure you get your fast pass as soon as you get there", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We've been to Disneyworld Orlando numerous times and it far surpasses the service you get at Disneyland. The cast members are rude , yell at you or just plain ignore you. Definitely not the \u00a0Happy place on Earth. I'm not really sure why anyone would go there.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is my third consecutive year with my Disneyland pass. I loved coming during the weekdays when it was slow and the lines were much shorter compared to now. This passed year the crowd at both parks takes away from my experience. I cannot focus on the rides or entertainment only the strollers that are trying to take out my ankles. I constantly am getting frustrated with rude people cutting me off and running into me. The past 10 ten times I've came I was only able to get on 2-3 rides. I use to love coming here with my girlfriend and friends but I will no longer re new my pass once expired. Its not worth the money for me to just get annoyed. Sorry Disney but you lost a fan.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We bought the one day park hopper and the max pass upgrade. The max pass was definitely worth the $15/ticket cost. We were able to get all of our fast pass tickets directly from our phone. We were highly efficient and were able to take advantage of many rides in both parks. Plus all of the photos taken of us in the park were delivered directly to our phone for free. That helped us avoid the awkward situation of asking the Disney photographer to use our phone to take photos. Our favorite rides for the day were The Incredicoaster, Pirates of the Caribbean, and Guardians of the Galaxy. The mint juleps and beignets were delicious snacks.  Most of the published wait times for the attractions were accurate. The Astroblaster was grossly inaccurate taking more than twice the 25 minutes predicted.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm very disappointed in the customer relations at Disneyland. \u00a0In the past, the staff was \u00a0helpful, friendly and truly made it about the guest experience. \u00a0Unfortunately, now it seems to be about how many tickets they can sell with disregard to the crowd and danger they propose with that many people crowded in such a small space. It gets worse when they start roping sections off for \u00a0parades - Where is OSHA in these instances. \u00a0 Last Monday was the worse experience I have ever had at D-Land, \u00a0to the rudeness of their \u00a0staff to the cockroaches running around at night. \u00a0Just hold your flashlight on the wall of the Matterhorn Ride when it gets dark. My nephew that is 7 years old was terrified after witnessing all the cockroaches and doesn't want to go back. \u00a0With the amount of money we pay to visit this park, its very disappointing and frightening.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My kids hated it , we hated it !! 11 rides closed !! Massive amounts of people, 2- 3 hour long lines to ride the rides. \u00a0Paid almost $1000 for 2 days ( 5 of us) and it wasn't worth a dollar! \u00a0I have all boys so maybe if you have a girl she would enjoy the princesses ect but my boys waited 2 hrs in line only to find out the ride broke down and then another 2 hrs in line to ride the cars ride and my 8 year old said he hated it and wanted to go home !! \u00a0Universal studios is WAY better !!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is our happy place! We visit at least once a month and always find a way to find something fun and new! We love the ambiance, the attention to detail, the magic that is always around! The food is awesome, the cast are usually really great, and the entertainment is top notch! Disneyland is classic, it's timeless, and it gets better every time we go!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Overcrowded, bad food,over \u00a0And the castle is being remodeled \u00a0so no picks for my daughter with the castle . they have perfected the art of the long line even the fast pass is only helpful at best.street performances are good other than that \u00a0 Not worth the time or effort Bad !Bad !Bad !", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The price for my pass makes me cry often but I always pay that stupid amount. The food and wine fest is going on, the food is great and the drinks are bomb this year.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Friendly, inviting and magical on a smaller scale than Disney World. My first time here and I've thoroughly enjoyed the magical experience. Love the Incredicoaster and I'm Not a fan of Rollercoasters. You really can't go wrong with anything Disney. They know how to show you a good time and they know how to take care of their visitors.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Worst time ever... other theme parks offer such a simple \"fastpass\" where you just pay and simply skip long waits and enjoy the park at your leisure. At Disneyland you must constantly make reservations, I got there at 11am and headed straight to a ride only to have the fastpass say my reserved time is at 7pm...this is a tricky business tactic to keep you shopping at the hundreds of stores at the park.. all the waiting for 20 second rodes was not worth it... 11am-9pm and only got to go on 4 rides.. but at Universal and Six Flags i get to go on every single ride and browse thier stores and leave feeling amazing... I spent 400 for 2 park hoppers with Maxpass only to feel ripped off and extremely tired. The crowds are always so massive at Disneyland because there are tons of people sitting on floors and sidewalks too tired to carry on with all the waits.. I love Mickey and Disney but not this money pit that was built to solely benefit the park. Once again other theme parks fastpasses let me enjoy the park.. Disney is a huge rip off made to ensure you spend a ton of money on food, drinks, and souvenirs because you are forced to eighter leave the park because you dont like the waits, or you can soend the 2-3 hour wait shopping or sitting on a bench", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My kids love Disneyland just like every other kid in the world. The park has so much to see &amp; do it is easy to burn through a full day &amp; wonder where the time went. We wish prices weren't so high....but when you see the am out of people at the park it is easy to understand how they get away with it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My family and I were at Disney-scam over the weekend of December 12 and 13th 2015 I have never been anywhere more crowded and claustrophobic in my life. Shame on Disneyland. There were 11 of us in <a href=\"/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fattendance.it&amp;s=fe600e1d45ec248dbc9dd7559a0137d577c7294dbb469d76ce31d09afdaa6e46\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">attendance.it</a> was so crowded we were able to go on only 2 weak older rides the first day, mr. toads wild ride, and the submarine . I had to get fast passes just to use the girls bathroom, The lines were so long for the girls restroom my son had to take his nine-year-old daughter 2 different times into the men's bathroom. we actually found a place at 1:30PM and waited until 3:30 for the parade. my son while getting his MBA did a study on Disneyland explained to me that 80% of people in attendance at Disney scam cannot even afford to be there. Which brings me to my point, STOP SELLING SO MANY TICKETS TO THE PARKS, YOU CAN CONTROL THE NUMBERS BY SELLING TICKETS ON LINE.. STAGER THE TIMES ENTERING THE PARK. SELL OUT CLOSE YOUR DOORS!!! Then maybe people who are going that one time in there life to the magic kingdom can actually enjoy and savor the time spent with their families, MONEY WELL SPENT", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is the most abused place in the world! They keep raising the prices. $200 for 2 people to get it! Soooo not worth it. It's old, outdated &amp; washed up! What a waste of money! The food was crap! The snacks we're a joke. What happened Disney Land? You were so fun &amp; interesting before. You've lost your luster. Now I see why your park has been continually dissed as of late. Wish I never invested in coming here. What a waste of money. Plane tickets from Hawaii....hotel ..car rental...discusting food. Disneyland is washed up. So dissappointing!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney anything is bad for your children. Just stay away and don't brain wash your children with sexual contents with Disneyland evilly stuffs. If you think it's all friendly and cute Disney characters are you don't know the marketing tactics and evil agenda they have on our future generation. Wake up and research why Disney anything is bad for our children.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I really enjoyed the day at the Adventure park! We stayed in the park for about 10 ten hours starting at 1pm and got enough time to experience all major attractions! I suggest to buy MAXPASS on your phone.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "After a recent visit to Disneyland, I hope never to return. First, I had to drive through commuter traffic to get to the theme park by 8:30. Then, I had to wait in line of cars to PARK, paying $16 for the priviledge. Then, we had to wait in line for the tram, wait in line for the security check and wait in line to buy tickets to the park. It is now $92 for entrance to Disneyland. Once we entered the park, all looked well. However, it quickly becam apparent that all was not going to be good. Waiting times at almost all rides were 45 minutes or longer, up to 180 minutes!! We even had to wait in line for the fastpass tickets. We also waited in line for early morning drinks, for lunch, for snacks, for dinner, for dessert and to see \"free\" shows. We could NOT see the parade due to the crowds that had lined up an hour or two before it started. We barely saw some of the Fantasmick show due to the crowds around the lake/rivers and we had to observe the fireworks from far away. Finally, all the stuff was over and we left the park, but not without dealing with thousands of others wanting to leave at the same time. After 12 hours at Disneyland, we rode on 4 rides with 20 minutes of entertainment value, ate sub-par food and put up with elbow-to-elbow crowds. This is NOT worth it!!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "When we were at Disney June 29-July 2 I was frustrate by the straws in all the drinks our group bought. We went to Disney with 13 people we bought drinks (mostly frozen, super yummy) at least every hour about at least 200 beverages. \u00a0The straws BROKE every time. It is not fun drinking drinks with broke straws. \u00a0The weather was super hot. \u00a0I am not sure why Disney is using such cheap straws.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It is Disneyland! The land of long lines, good food and lots of talking with friends (and strangers) while waiting in those long lines. I have never regretted a trip to Disneyland. I might regret that my wallet is substantially lighter but my tummy is happy and I have enjoyed my time on as many rides I could get on.   Star Wars land is a new fave of mine and I look forward to a return trip to Dland next year to ride the new ride.   Even going with a baby is fun!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Awesome for every age group! Halloween time was fun great decoration and food. \u00a0It's super Crowded but worth it", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland. My daughter and I, love it! One year, we had a AP, but once the prices increased significantly two years ago, we opted out of not renewing our annual pass.  If it's your first time in Disneyland, I'd recommend creating a account on Disneyland's website. Once you've done that, make sure to purchase your Disneyland ticket's through the website. It then automatically links to your e-mail account. This is crucial, especially, if you plan on utilizing the Disneyland Application.  The next step, download the Disneyland Application to your mobile device. Once you've downloaded it, make sure to link it to your e-mail, the e-mail account that you purchased your Disneyland tickets to. If you're utilizing Fast Pass feature on your tickets, this is pretty much needed. You can then link all of your tickets, to the fast pass, and allow you to queue fast pass rides, that much easier. It also links easier to your Photo Pass as well. You can also do mobile orders for food through your app!!  Another key feature, to completely maximize Fast Pass opportunity, is to queue up initially for some of those more popular rides - Radiator Springs, Hyperspace Mountain, Guardians of the Galaxy. Some of these rides use up the Fast Pass feature by 1:00 PM PST during the holiday seasons. After you get some of the more popular rides on your fast pass, you can then queue up for the quicker ones, like Buzz Lightyear or Star Tours.  There is so much to do in Disneyland. You could easily spend a complete week here and still not get through everything.  1) ToonTown 2) Fantasy Land 3) Frontier Land 4) Critter Country 5) Galaxy's Edge 6) Tomorrowland  and the list goes on! There are so many food selections and activities that you can participate in. There's a variety of shows that you can see inside Disneyland. You can also see a parade, fireworks, and water shows. There is just so much to do here! We always spend approximately 10+ hours every day when we're inside the Disneyland park. This is truly one of the most enjoyable theme parks that I've been to. Check it out!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Don't go... until you know... what rides are down. \u00a0We were there yesterday (Spent almost $500 for 4 of us) and both Matterhorn and Big Thunder were not working, \u00a0those are the best rides there! \u00a0what's more, the train stopped working while we were on it, and Indian Jones stopped for about 5 minutes while we were on it. What a disappointment.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I visited Disneyland with excitement and anticipation yesterday. Only to be met with extreme disappointment. Oh how it's changed in so little time. Not only is the price for a 'Park Hopper' been ballooned to a whopping $150 for adults!!! But; prices in general at gifts shops took extreme hits as well... The reentry lines are ridiculous between parks (due to \"changes\") .the Park has skimmed out on the Halloween decorations to a point where the park looks ordinary. It's seems like the 'magic' has winded away :( I was loyal for decades. I'm sad. No more. I work too hard for my money.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I miss you disney \u00a0greatest place in the world. Best attractions, best food and best vibes all around.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love Disneyland my daughter and I had a great time . The staffs are always happy and helpful", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We came here on a gloomy Sunday but that did not stop us from going the the happiest place on earth. We were quite disappointed because the castle was under renovation. However, the wait for the rides were not so bad (most rides estimate wait time was 15-20 minutes). We did obtain fast passes for the popular rides such as Splash Mountain and Soarin' Around the World. The firework and water show was great.   TIP: Fast Pass can be obtained for free every hour from the Fast Pass machine.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "TOO OVERPRICEY, pay employees shitty wage nope I live across it and don't even have some dignity to stop by and waste my money", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Unfortunately had a really unfortunate experience my last trip here.   Let me start my review by stating that I am a season pass holder, I actually just purchased 5 Disneyland Flex passes the day before this incident 02/29/2020. Also we are Disney vacation club members so we stay at the hotel a few times a year. As well as go to Florida and stay at Disney resorts, and HAWAII where we stay at Aluni.   Now that you have some context let me explain what happened.   So we checked into the hotel on 2/29. Being that we are at the hotel we get to take advantage of the \"Magic Hour\" where we get into the park one hour early. If you have been to Disneyland this is actually a really big perk. Disneyland is insanely busy right now. So missing the morning line is a huge benefit. Unfortunately we weren't told that only Disney California Adventure was available for the \"Magic Hour\". If you know how the new flex pass works, we had to actually reserve the day, and we only reserved Disneyland, not Disney California Adventure. So when we got to the park @ 630 to be ready to enter at 7am for the Magic hour we were left in surprise.   No big deal though we thought. We will just go on the App and reserve California Adventure real quick and go in. Nope! The app wouldn't let us reserve the day because we already had a reservation. Dang! We will just go to the ticket booth, and see if we can change the reservation there.   We got to the counter and we're told by the attendant that she wasn't able to change the reservation. Well that stinks. We paid a lot of money for the hotel and the park and the \"Magic Hour\". I just dropped over three grand the day before on season passes again. And your not willing to accommodate something as simple as taking advantage of getting in early. At this point so far everything that has happened is really mine and my wife's fault. We didn't notice that only California Adventure was being used for the magic hour, and that is on us, so we weren't upset by any means.   But this is where the unfortunate experience comes in. We were met by a supervisor who was so rude I can't even explain in words how improperly we were treated. I explained to the \"supervisor\" the situation and asked if it was possible to change the reservation. She said no that they can only do that if we're we're buying new season passes. I explained that we just got new passes less then 12 hours earlier, and she basically explained to me in no better terms that I was dumb, and she wasn't going to help me. She kept interrupting me as I spoke, and I even asked her if she felt this was an appropriate way to talk to a customer. She berated myself to the point my three little kids ages 6, 5, and 3 looked really disturbed. I asked my wife if she would take them to the side so that they didn't have to witness this behavior. Because I was so caught off guard by this inappropriate behavior, I almost couldn't even talk in an appropriate manner, so I asked to talk to her manager. I was told that I was not gonna talk to a manager, and she was as far as I was gonna be able to go. To me this is crazy. All of this over a mistake and getting into the park an hour early. To be honest I was really embarrassed because I know that people in the ticket line were watching, and I've never been in a situation like this. At the end me and my family walked away. We were really embarrassed, and we didn't even go into the park at all. We packed up our stuff and went home. It's sad because it was me and my wife's 12 year Anniversary. (03/01) and we had plans to love on our family, and each other in an environment where we could all be happy and have fun making memories.   To be honest it was very misfortunate in the past 12 months between annual passes. Disney vacation club and everything else we have spent close to $60,000 on Disney services. We are not wealthy by any means but we sacrifice where need be in order to make these memories with our family and it means a lot to us. So to have an experience like this really dulls the entire feeling of excitement we usually have while having Disney Experiences.   I did get the \"Supervisors\" name and picture which I'm posting on this review. I really contemplated putting her picture up, because my goal is not to personally hurt her in this review, but it's to explain my experience so that maybe someone else will not have to go through this.   It's really hard to explain to a 6 and 5 year old why people treated us like this. They don't understand. But they do understand something happened that wasn't OK  All this being said I hope this review gets to someone at Disneyland who can make things better. We pay a lot of money, and to be berated and treated like less then others is just not OK, and I hope this can be fixed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney has lost the magic! We waited in lines twice today for Radiator Racers only to get to the front, and be told that they were broken \"again.\" My wife and I took our 5 and 6 year old daughters to Disney today. The racer fastpass line was longer than the ride itself. We waited for an hour and 15 minutes, only for the ride to break. We tried again later in the day, and this time we waited for an hour and 20 minutes before it broke down.  Things break. I understand that, but the cast members have gotten really good at delivering bad news without any emotion. We spent almost 3 hours in a line, only to be told that it was down indefinitely. I don't want my family to be Disney's guinnea pigs. We went to spend the day together, and we spent the day in miserable lines. If a ride breaks so often that your own people say that \"its been happening alot lately,\" then you need to take it down, and get the thing fixed. I would be upset if they weren't working, but less than I am now that me and my family have spent hours in a line for no reason. Just to add fuel to the fire, we went over to Disneyland for lunch, then we waited at Splash Mountain, and it failed. Indian Jones was running, but huge chunks of the animated \"movie\" backdrop were dark, and the entry doors were wedged open.  Not what I expect from Disney. I have had season passes for 4 years, and have decided that Disney doesn't need my business any more. The problem is, that they are treating everyone like this, and soon they will start to feel it. At least I wasn't the couple in line, that were out from Arkansas with their kids.  Southern California: Keep your family annual pass money and rent a cabin in Big Bear or a houseboat on Lake Powell. For everyone else: Disneyland is not the same place you remember. They are cutting corners and taking their customers for granted.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have confirm myself why many people complains about SECURITY personnel in Downtown Disney if you are Hispanic or African American you will treat you like trash and you will be disrespected and pushed aside. \u00a0Very Disappointed Disney", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Really wondered if I should even bother to review a place like Disneyland, but I had to after such a magical experience. 5 stars! It was an amazing time that I won't forget. The rides, atmosphere, and \"Disney-ness\" of everything was worth the price, time, and effort. The only warning I would say is you absolutely need maxpass. Spend the extra money and get it, it'll make your day so much better. You're also able to bring in outside food. As with anything else, plan, plan, and plan ahead before your trip! 5 stars!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What a ripoff!!! Been here as a kid but coming back as a parent I don't think we will be coming yearly traditional like I did as a kid... I mean seriously we are a family of 3, just for us to come for 2 days, only 1 park per day, tickets were $521 \u00a0not including gas, food and room... So here we are, a little over $1200 later, to ride 1 ride an hour, in this overly crowded \"happy place\" that charges $4 for a dasani water or $4 for a drink in a restaurant with no refills.... Yes the 5 minute thrill rides fun and all but not $1500 fun... I think Disney could seriously lower the prices with ALL the millions of ppl here... Sorry to say I didn't enjoy my trip as much because I'm worrying about all the costs so much that it kind of ruins the trip... Just bein honest... Family of 3 expect to pay minimally $800 if your going cheap meaning your bringing your own sandwiches to the park or up to 2k depending on the hotel you stay in...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wow  \"Happiest place on earth\".....I don't think so.  Let me begin. \u00a0We live here in Southern Cal. about 2 hours from Disney. \u00a0We used to get the season passes every year. \u00a0Now I probably will never return for the rest of my life. \u00a0First off the price has gotten ridiculous. \u00a0This would be acceptable if it kept the crowds down...but it hasn't. \u00a0  A huge number of attractions are closed:  Alice in Wonderland Finding Nemo Indiana \u00a0Jones Gadgets coaster It's a small world Mark twain boat Pirates of the Caribbean Carrousel Grizzly water ride Ariels undersea adventure  What the hell it's summer not the dead of winter. \u00a0  If your child wishes to meet a Princess be ready to wait at least 3 hours. \u00a0Poorly organized \"Frozen\" meet and greet.  The staff \"Cast members\" are so burnt out on people that Vegas employees are friendlier.  We have an autistic daughter. \u00a0She has a bit of an issue with being patient. \u00a0We have never, ever asked for any special consideration before. \u00a0Someone suggested that I go get a disability pass at the city hall. \u00a0This was just to cut the wait time in meeting the frozen cast and nothing else. \u00a0So I went to the disability center. \u00a0I was told that autism isn't a disability. \u00a0Wow. \u00a0Tell that to my 15 year old daughter who just wants to meet Anna and Elsa from Frozen. \u00a0I also saw this poor family with two Downs children turned away. \u00a0  What has happened to our California gem? \u00a0Walt Disney once said:  \"Disneyland is a work of love. \u00a0We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.\"  The love is gone.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Rude employees named Emily &amp; Ashley at the Starbucks in Disneyland. They made the rudest comment to my 14yr old niece.   On August 10th, 2019 my family of 30 arrived to Disneyland park to enjoy our last day. We came to the park to have fun as a family &amp; celebrate my nieces first time there &amp; her 8th birthday. As we entered the park we made our first stop at Starbucks at 10:09 am. Half of my family purchased drinks. My family said they ladies making the drinks were rude &amp; unpleasant. Their drinks weren't made incorrectly, but we did not complain. When my 14 year old niece asked for extra syrup pups the ladies told her they don't give out handouts. When this was told to me as I waited outside I was furious. I went back in to speak with the manager Gil Duran to let him know that was unexceptionable to tell a young child that. I would have paid if there was an extra cost. I wanted them to apologize to my niece for making that rude &amp; unnecessary comment. We pointed out who the ladies were that made that comment. Their names were Emily &amp; Ashley &amp; when asked their last name he said he did not know. Just wondering how he did not know his employees full name. I would also like to mention that I am 4 months pregnant &amp; did not need that stress as I am high risk for high blood pressure. \u00a0My cousin had to go to city hall to let them know what had happened &amp; apologized on their behalf. All I wanted was for the to apologize to my niece. We come to Disneyland that is supposed to be the Happiest Place on Earth, but the employees were rude &amp; unpleasant. The comment made was uncalled for. I hope that the ladies are spoken to about the situation.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This whole controversy over Disney vs. Low Income Housing is a joke. It's Disney vs. Developers. The Developers in the disputed area only \"promised\" to replace the number of mobile home units currently on the property with the same number of low income units. That's nice, but the people who are being displaced will find a home elsewhere (in some other city where it isn't so expensive to live) before the construction on that Condo/Hotel or Apartment/Condo or whatever they decide it will be is completed.  That said, I'm not a big fan of the Disney presence in Anaheim. They could care less about the city and its workers. It is a soul-sucking franchise, intent on \"beautifying\" certain parts of the city to keep up the appearance of the Happiest Place on Earth (like the exteriors of the Jeffrey-Lynn apartments... so it wouldn't look quite so bad from the view of the largest parking structure on the west coast). Anaheim as a city with an independent government is an obstruction to the Disney Corporation. They expect the city and its residents to conform to its whims and be happy about it. I'm sorry, Downtown Disney just won't cut it, how about a real downtown, part of a real city.  Looks like a \"real\" downtown is in the works. A-Town anyone? Too bad the city tore the original down in the 80s and replaced it with the ridiculousness we have now. The Disney Corporation is an obstruction to building any real character in this city. They would rather implode than see their tax dollars go to funding low income-housing, strengthening community organizations, and the like.  As for the park itself, it is nostalgia and not much else. The new park, California Adventure does not work because no one has childhood memories of it. The rides are not much better or worse than the original park (though it is indeed smaller), but it does not have the gee-golly 1950s factor the the original park does (and even that is going out... goodbye Tom Sawyer's Island, Swiss Family Robinson Tree, the People Movers, and more).  In general, if you're into long lines, hot sun (most of the time), screaming children, annoying teenagers, mostly bad expensive food, being overcharged at the door, being nearly hit by parents who use their strollers and children in them as weapons and more, this is for you. If you don't go with a group of people who love Disneyland despite this madness, and on a weekday in the fall or winter you will not have fun.  I worked there too. In food service. I know about hungry upset people and Disneyland does not bring out the best in them.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who ever is in charge of getting people in and out of the park should be FIRED! Got to the park at 7:30am and had to park two miles away from the park and bus in. Then I get to the park at 8:30 after waiting in line for the bus to stand in line at Security to stand in line to enter the park. It is now 9:30 and I'm still not in the park! Why do I pay so much for a season pass!! This is ridiculous! It's not difficult to move mass poodle", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth. That saying continues to ring true. This place does deserve 5 stars and many of the low reviews are for the high ticket prices. Yet, people also complain about the long lines to get into rides and that it is too crowded. People will always find something to complain about. Further, $100 or even $200 ticket price is not that bad considering how long you are inside the parks for. Start at 9/10 am and leave at 11 pm for 200 bucks. You are paying 16 bucks an hour pretty much and I spend that amount easily at a night out in bars. However, for a big family, I can also see how this would add up fast.   Besides the money, I have been coming to Disneyland for nearly 30 years. I thoroughly enjoy the place and love coming here. I have met strangers here that have become good friends. I rarely, if ever, have had a bad experience here. I went to Galaxy's Edge and it was a wonderful experience. The new Smugglers Run ride is very cool if you are flying. The other positions in the ride make it difficult by facing forward and the controls on your right/left. Since that land opened it definitely makes the rest of the park feel populated and lines shorter. I always look forward to going to Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We bought $3500 worth of tickets. Then Disneyland closes the day before we are supposed to arrive. And now they're not going to give us our money back!! Walt Disney would be spinning in his grave you greedy Aholes!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Avoid Clif the mean parking attendant at all costs. Your trip will be soiled, and you will have a hard time getting your happiness back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Does not accommodate to handicap.  We were able to get on the it's a small world ride. However it broke down for 20 minutes and had us stuck on a boat causing anxiety.  No one came to check on us or provide any reassurance that everything is okay.   Imagine that the building were to catch fire. Disney had no evacuation method for wheel chair passengers. All that was avadiable was stairs. \u00a0   Please consider your family safety if you have a wheel chair.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I thought Disneyland was the happiest place on earth??? \u00a0Today my mind has been changed. They made my cousin remove her necklace that contained a few grains of her deceased husbands ashes! Which resulted in making her cry &amp; ruined her day. They said the ashes posed some sort of a bio hazardous threat. \u00a0 How rediculous is that? \u00a0I won't ever go there again. \u00a0And I believe Disneyland owes her an apology. \u00a0But we all know that won't happen.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ok first thing first! I have an annual pass. Everyone who knows me knows this is MY second home I'm a 26 year old Disney fanatic and FOREVER will be. \u00a0I go every chance I get (my pass has no blackout dates and can go to either park same day) my life has to have Disney something in it and my wedding will also have the theme even my funeral has to have it lol :) I've been here a million times and I never thought to yelp it. So now I will make sure I check \u00a0in every time I go lol. Cast members (never call them employees) are ALWAYS happy and helpful with a smile. I think I've only seen one cast member act like an \"employee\" if you haven't downloaded the Disney app you definitely should it has been updated and there are endless amounts of awesome amenities that come with it. I don't care the cost of anything here this is a luxury so either pay or stay away! But you're missing out. You won't find any other theme park with these types of rides, cleanliness, restaurants, customer service, special events, etc. Everything is organized just how I love it. If you are an \"out of stater\" you're going to love it make sure you plan accordingly, the customer service line is always willing to help (and even then Ive NEVER had a rude cast member over the phone) They have the best firework show for New Year's Eve I've been going for the past four years and til things prohibit me from going this is where I'll be every year from now on. I could go on and on but you get the point!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is racist! My mom and I asked Chewbacca and storm troopers today to take a photo with my baby (october 8, 2019, at 2pm) .It is his first birthday today. I love disneyland so i wanted him to experience the joy i had when i was a kid. The star wars characters saw that we were from a minority group so they ignored us even when we went up to them, and walked towards other non-minority people. Horrible!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Only reason for the 1 star is the way the management \"organize\" the parking and registration for getting a ticket and also the way they overfill the park to maximum capacity! What's the point for a fastpass if there's a huge line just for the fastpass?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Employees in Dumbo attraction is Ruud, she get take away our iPhone selfies stick from my wife, and said that she will not give us back, she didn't say any option to return it back. She menace and called security, and they returned me my thing outside the park. Very interesting, security already checked my bags before. How do people work in this park??? Stupid.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wow, take away Marvel from Universal Studios and take away my selfie stick fucking assholes, for fuck sake Disney what's next?? You gonna take away my grandmother's virginity!! Shaking my head. \"Disneyland Where Nightmares Come True\".", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can say, about Disneyland it's a magical place where dreams come true!!! And California Adventure, it's the new playground for adults.... Loved the Christmas, holiday atmosphere. The whole park was decorated &amp; there were lots of characters to meet, autographs to get &amp; take pictures with. The kids loved the snow &amp; Sleeping Beauties castle was adorned with lovely winter decor. There was also great Christmas music playing throughout both parks which we all loved. We loved the fireworks as always. It was a magical experience. Parking is easy when you have the signature pass, because it's covered if not you'll be paying $20.  * Always fun. But too many people holiday season. Wait to go mid January and after.  *The memories made will last a lifetime. *Food is expensive, pack lunches for the family! \u00a0Bottled water costs $4 a bottle. \u00a0If you request a cup of water at most eating establishments, it is free!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Making so much money, they stopped caring about people   I broke 2 bones in my ring finger and injured 2 others on the Peter Pan ride at Disneyland last July and they are refusing to speak with me or take any information regarding the accident knowing my claim expires in 1 day. \u00a0Due to the negligence of your staff, you injured me and almost injured my 4 year old child. Apparently, I'm not injured enough for anyone to care, but this has caused me great pain over the last year.  This was not the happiest place on earth for my family.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "To start with, I am a Southern California native and a longtime visitor of Disneyland. At the risk of sounding ancient I can say with all confidence that I remember the motorboat ride in Fantasyland and the Carousel of Progress before it was shipped off to Orlando, America Sings before it got appropriated by Splash Mountain, the Pack Mules, yes, the Pack Mules, the dead settler with the arrow in his back while his cabin burned behind him, Swiss Family Robinson Treehouse before they got evicted for the lame Tarzan movie tie-in, Fort Wilderness before years of neglect took it's toll and it was closed for good. I also remember when Pirates of the Caribbean was more scary than whimsical and the fat wench chasing the skinny old guy around and around - before the ride got all PC because somebody's wife didn't think THAT was appropriate for kids. \"Hey, let's just put a plate of food in his hands so we can clarify why she's REALLY chasing him - now it all makes sense!\" I would gladly take the chance of being spat on walking underneath the skyway if I could ride it through those holes in the side of the Matterhorn just one more time, and what the hell was wrong with the Submarine Voyage that now we gotta go find Nemo again?  Let's face it Mouseketeers, some things are better now and some things now suck. Is it better that now you don't have to worry about what you're going to do with those \"A\" and \"B\" tickets that were left over, or that the entrance to the park is more aesthetically pleasing? Probably. Is it better with the FastPass system? Sure. Is it better that since Michael Eisner grew the Disney Park brand bigger than your fat, greek wedding, it's hard to find a place to catch your breath? Hell to the NO.  I think it's great that some parents love their kids enough that they are willing to allow themselves to be raped, by an over-sized mouse no less, and then dragged over the coals to make their dreams come true, but he price of concessions and souvenirs is truly disgusting. I'm sure there are reasons for this, and I'm sure the bottom line is one of them. Yes, I understand that the price of entry to the park can be considered a rationing device to keep the hoi polloi at bay, but do you really have to rub it in once we're inside the park?   Now on to the relevant yelp review... went on a Monday, guess it was the start of spring break for many as this may have been our first mistake... a good 1/3 of the park is closed because of construction... over an hour wait for most attractions... gifts, gift shop, gift stand, toys, shirts, hats, hoodies... $5 cookie... can't really walk or sit down or enjoy anything because there are just too many people packed in... there isn't even room for the kids to run amok... feels as if we're being herded around like cattle... trying to have fun, it's just not... just not fun - battling crowds - tired, feet are tired, no where to rest... feels like supercrowded... trapped by the Mickey parade... how do we get out of here?... people looking sad, defeated, in mouse ears, Grumpy t-shirts... it's 5:20 - can we make it until the Electrical Parade?... not looking good... not at all... let's just go to the Enchanted Tiki Room and then get the hell out of here.  Don't worry Disney, I'm sure we'll be back after this one-star episode.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Come on, \u00a0its Disneyland!! Our second home, my childhood home, my favorite place!!!! The staff is always eager to help and greet you with a smile. Cant go wrong with a juicy Turkey leg and a dazzling parade!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Great place for family and friends, get the two day park hopper to experience everything. Get to the park when it first open to get fast passes and ride a lot of rides before it gets crowded. The parking is 20 dollars for the day. Alcohol is only sold in California adventure.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Zero star. It's a complete rip off place wearing the kids friendly masks over the money greed. EVERYTHING is over priced especially annual passport. Don't buy it without thinking. They are like eel once you come to the ticket window to talk about the passport they will never refund or change whole year no matter what. Their system has no humanity including the workers because they think you are their pay check. Majority of attractions are over 35 years old. Who wants to see Frozen every single visit for 3 years. They are so lazy and no creativity. After all everything there is artificial/ fake. Don't waste your money from your hard work. Take yourself and kids to the mountains and beaches. There are plenty of beautiful places in Southern California. Stay out Disneyland and  live your life.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I hate the price and the over fill of the park, I live by this place and I hate the fireworks...please please stop the fireworks! I work 50hrs a week...I want sleep not fireworks....", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So today I took my 15 month old daughter to Disneyland with my wife specifically to see all her favorite Disney characters and bought her an autograph book and pen so she can take pictures with them and every time we waited for a character they would leave. We got one signature the whole time there. Two picture with her in it! And we had a shirt made to announce that we were gonna have another child and didn't get to do it bc of the rude workers! So I went to tell customer service and they did nothing to help me. All they offered was signatures. Disneyland is suppose to be the happiest place, today wasn't so happy for us! This was the worst experience ever! We spent over $400 for nothing! And this was on a weekday, imagine on the weekends! Never again!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Extremely crowded. How can someone enjoy Disneyland when you feel as though you are cattle amongst 1000's, long wait times in lines--Here's some free advice Disney, put up shade in those extremely long lines! Happiest place on earth: huge crowds, long lines, expensive junk food...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wonderful Place! I love the Fireworks Show with Magical lights and beautiful music! I wish I can spend more days here...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Don't bring your tripods or \"selfie sticks\" to support your go pros.  It's \"policy\" to give them up or be walked by security to your car to put them away.  Would've been good to know 6 hours ago by the man at the gate who checked my almost empty backpack.  Hour wait for a ride to be escorted to my car. Thanks Disney.  EDIT: while I waited for my party I checked the QA on prohibited items.  Selfie sticks (hand-held extension poles for cameras and mobile devices)  **Folding tripod stands or monopod stands that can fit inside a standard backpack are permitted.** Turns out what I have is allowed.  But alas there was no compensation for waiting in the cars line for over an hour. Maybe some visuals of selfie stick vs tripod should be added to your policy training.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We love Disneyland but as the years go on, Disney is getting to darn greedy. We go multiple times a year and always on Christmas.. Each time we visit it is such a wonderful experience..  The reason for my one star review is for the simple reason that Disneyland does not care about its customers any longer. I am a disabled Veteran and Disneyland will not offer discounts to anyone who has served this country. For being the of the highest grossing businesses in the world it's pathetic they do not honor our service members. The lady who rang up our tickets said only active military receive the discount. Most places, even mom and pop shops offer a discount weather you are active or have a VA disability card.   It does make me sound cheap and I understand that side, but for a large conglomerate company as Disney its sad that they do not care about people who served..  The last thing is how expensive prices are and keep going each year. It is a cop out for Disney to say they need to raise the tickets because they are building another park or addition (Star Wars land). If they do not have the budget don't build it, period. It's really sad that most people can't experience the fun because they cannot afford it. When my we go, my wife, son and myself, it is usually at least $1,000 for one day, two days around $1,600. Keep in mind we do not each much at the park because the food is not our favorite but still an average family cannot afford that.   So that's my rant, Disneyland is still such an amazing experience but those are my issues..", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Oh man... where do I start? How about the food? So good! The churros are outstanding. I love how they run limited time variations on some of their snacks. The rides are fantastic. Space Mountain is the best at Disneyland. Much better than the Space Mountain at Disney World. The staff is always so friendly and looking for opportunities to make the experience that much more \"magical\". Looking forward to my next trip back. I see some season tickets in my future.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "3 kids 6 hours 3 rides. Super hot very few cooling stations. Most rides aren't worth the wait. Fast passes are the worst because you have to wait 3 hours to go on a ride. The new guardians of the galaxy ride was neat. Kids crying long lines and beating heat. Lines are shaded 50% of the time. Staff member said to us \"I don't see what's so hard to understand about that.\" When we tried to head to downtown Disney and she said if we wanted to exit Disney we'd have to go around. We were already past the check and past the exit gates. I simply said we aren't trying to leave Disney we're just heading this way. When she said what she said. I take it she was hot and her brain was probably fried from the heat. Walt would probably be ashamed of the state this place is in. I know if my establishment ran like this I'd cut down how many people we let in.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "No explanation needed. DISNEYLAND - if you like amusement parks this is the cleanest, most amazing amusement park around. Fun for all ages, easy access, walking, eating, drinking, desserts....it has everything that is fun.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Very good ice cream! Super expensive though. Why am I even surprised. You really can't go wrong with any of the food options provided here.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland sucks!! Fast pass is a slow pass. And why are we limited to fast passes?!? I'm overall disappointed with the happiest place on earth. Not a character walking around and staff not so friendly. This was my first time here In over 10 years and I can't say I would ever come back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Just got home a few days ago. What a disappointment! This place was a zoo. I advise everybody to avoid Disneyland, at least during the summer, at all costs. Annoying little brats everywhere, unbearably sweaty-hot weather, over-priced everything, amazing but broken-down rides, and the lines... Let's just say \"long\" is an understatement! And the parade, the parade almost gave my daughter a seizure, it was like an LSD extravaganza... Vacations should NOT be this stressful. Instead of lining the pockets of Disney shareholders, go take an intimate trip somewhere in nature; you will not regret it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't love the most magical place on earth?! It's Disneyland, expect it to be packed, expect it to be hot, expect to spend a lot but also expect to see the magic in your kids eyes!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Most of the staff of this place should be fired for being so rude... The wrong attitude started right at the parking lot entrance where the minion in the booth was rude and answering short... a couple other staff members were really rude.. Seriously, if you don't like your job, please quit instead of making my visit unpleasant... The shortage of smoking areas is FUCKING RIDICULOUS, I've been to several parks of disney world and other amusement parks, they all have more designated areas for smokers(there's a lot of people that enjoy a good cigarette after dealing with that stampede of people), the only designated smoking area of the park was so crowded, it looked like the niagara falls because of so much smoke. If there were more across the park, people would feel less inclined of breaking the rules of not smoking on the common areas... seriously, no one wants to walk a mile to smoke a cigarette.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is just plain and simple. \"Fantastic \". The gentlemen in the Service department are just wonderful. They are so fun by and smart and professional. They just help you and if you did not make an appointment well they just help you. There gentlemen are my favorite if all. Hardin Buick are just fantastic.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland won't let So Cal residents upgrade on a blackout date anymore, you can only upgrade to the pass that is not blacked out (i.e. Signature pass) So to upgrade would be $3000. There is also no way to view the contract you signed online. So the only contact you get is what you signed on the first day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Very nice place they have their fall decorations which makes everything feel like winter . Definitely a nice place to bring the family", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Of course Disneyland is amazing. I just wish the prices were more reasonable.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is my happy place. I truly love coming here, and yes I have been many times. I used to have a pass and this year I got the 3-day SoCal resident pass. I guess everyone already knows what dland is all about so I will just post a few tips that might help: -Max pass is totally worth it. The ability to fast pass from anywhere in the park as well as fast pass right when you're eligible is just so efficient. Dland can get super crowded but with this you should be able to fit a good amount in for a day.  -Order food through the app it's way faster and easier. -Corn dog is delicious. Did you know you can opt out of the bag of chips/apple and it's cheaper? -Poutine Fries are in Fantasy Land in the back next to Dumbo. It's amazing.. also you can get the Grey Stuff (red velvet with frosting) -High score on buzz? Don't aim for circles only squares triangles and diamonds.  -I bring my Hydroflask and refill it with water and ice from any fountain drink machine. -Be nice, don't be a dick and have some fun", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland was one of the worst vacations that we have ever taken with the family. Talk about frustrating.... The lines were extremely long, the rides kept breaking down and there was absolutely no accountability. One day we were in the park a complete day and went on a total of two rides. Every time we would get to the front of the line, the ride would break down. Then it happened again, and again. We'd go stand in line at another ride, and it would break down! Since we get a limited amount of vacations each year, when we do get a chance to get away as a family we don't want to spend thousands of dollars to create cranky, tired and frustrated children. I'm sure that my review will not have any affect on the way Disney runs their theme park. However I think for the amount of money that they are charging families, they would be able to maintain their rides.  I, along with my family, found it to be a very frustrating vacation and could find a bazillion better things to do with my two weeks off each year. #disneyland", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Terribly overrated, overcrowded, herded like cattle, expensive for what you get, horrible food and a complete waste of a day. \u00a0 Heaven forbid some major incident would have occurred in the park, people would be trampled. \u00a0This is almost as miserable as Disney World. \u00a0I will never spend one more cent in these places. \u00a0Compare Disneyland to an exceptional park like Busch Gardens Williamsburg and you really can see how horrible the Disney experience is. \u00a0The contrast is blinding. \u00a0Even for terrible rides like the kiddy spinning teacup the lines were long. \u00a0120 min wait for most rides that suck anyway. \u00a0My eight year old was miserable and hated every minute of our visit as did her parents. \u00a0Fortunately, we only had to pay for one of three of us since I was in town for a conference. \u00a0I could not imagine paying full price for a family of three or four for this dump hole. \u00a0If this is your idea of a good time, have your head examined. \u00a0Please! \u00a0Never again!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ok, long lines, high prices, huge crowds, closed rides, rides that break AFTER, you've stood in line for an hour, parking out in the hinterlands, all of this is to be expected from the most popular tourist attraction/amusement park in the Western United States. However, the endless shops, surrounding the Park (and I am referring to those on land owned by Disney), the over commercialization, must be making old Walt roll in his grave. It is as if the Park itself, the attractions, the rides, have been marginalized in favor of endless selling of everything you could think of (and a whole lot more) to the visitors. You feel like you're at an enormous mall filled with endless souvenir shops. Which is an entirely different experience than that which Disneyland, of not that many years ago, offered the visitor.There is no way in which anyone could describe this as the happiest place on Earth. Too commercial!!! Bring back Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "ABSOLUTELY DONE WITH DISNEYLAND ! !  The happiest place on earth has turned into a complete nightmare.  First, the price has gotten completely egregious. I mean, I get it, 'supply and demand'. So as long as people keep buying tickets, why not keep raising the price, right? Well there's supply and demand and then there is outright gouging. These price fall into the latter category.  Second, apparently there NO LIMIT to the number of tickets they will sell in a single day. Meaning, it doesn't matter if every square inch of the park is literally shoulder to shoulder to the point it can easily take you an hour to just to walk from one attraction to the next.......they'll just keep letting 'em the front gate. Regardless of how its going to effect the overall experience. Just keep selling them overpriced tickets till the place overflows, and then sell some more. It was so bad that one of the main thoroughfares got so jammed up with people that everyone was stuck in place, people started to panic, and staff had to be brought in to try to untangle the mob.  It gets so bad that wait times for rides actually get into the 3-4 HOUR wait times.  By the way, if you have a stroller or wheelchair, FORGET IT. Don't pay an arm and a leg to put yourself through that misery.  This is not the vision Walt Disney had for the happiest place on earth.  Hey Disney, if you are going to more than double the price to get in, which you have over the last few years, then limit the number of tickets you sell. You're still gong to make a grotesque profit and people might actually enjoy the park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My husband and I were secretly complaining every time our son asked to go to Disneyland. It's just soo crowded, all the time!  We buy him toys at very visit. This time, he asked for the bubble wand.. Worth every second and dollar spent..", "rating": 5}, {"text": "They told us that the parking lot was full and that we had to go to a different parking lot, which was so far off from where we wanted to be. We told the parking attendant that we are disabled and our car showed our disabled plates he told us a flat out lie that the parking lot is full. So we went and parked where we were told and on our walk to Disney we passed the parking lot where we originally wanted to park and there were 7 opened handicapped parking. We asked to speak to manager overseeing parking and had us wait 45 minutes and still no manager. I believe Disney may be breaking some kind of law here in terms of blocking off vacant disabled parking. Horrible guest service, and blocking of disabled parking.z", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disney so much ! Being a pass holder for almost 10 Years now it still feels like the first time !!   Please don't get discouraged with the construction right now.. if anything it means shorter lines for your fav attractions !   Don't forget your mickey ears :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Please note this review take place back in February (prior to stay-at home orders).   I went to Disneyland for the VERY FIRST TIME and had a blast! Tickets are a bit pricey, but I won tickets to the Ellen Degeneres show and she ultimately ended up covering my family and my own expenses! The rides are fun, lines aren't as long as Disneyworld (maybe February is off season--I'm not entirely too sure) and your favorite characters are walking around snapping pictures with you! Had such a great time and would love to return soon!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Perfect time of year. Not too hot and not alot of people. I used the Disney calendar on there website. They said it would be slow and it was. 30 minutes at the most waiting in line. Had a blast.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If u want to wait hour plus on every ride if your hungry and want to wait hour plus if u want to pay 130.00 to get in than when your in line they want to sell u a fast past so u can cut in front of everyone another 50 \u00a0they jam as many people in as they can next my 4 year old wanted to cede Mickey after 9 hours no Mickey finally ran into him on the way out my child was so happy runny towards Mickey wanted a picture an the employee said the line is closed go see goofy if this is what u like Disneyland is your place to go iam a local and I go to Disney every 40 years so guess that was my last time Walt Disney is a great man rip but the company has no regards for customers just prophet", "rating": 1}, {"text": "How does Disneyland have 4 Stars?! Best place ever for kids and adults. Get the max pass come early. Get an annual pass if you can. Happiest place on earth and a place to escape reality", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My daughter got the hands and foot disease on this park . So sad that it's so expensive and really dirty .", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Clearly Disney has not found a price point where fewer guest will come to the park. This place is way over crowded. My biggest complaint is being herded around like cattle by rude employees.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great place...to waste money. Extremely over priced, way too crowded. Their staff is underpaid and they always look so miserable. The only reason why we visit \u00a0Disneyland because of my daughters other wise I prefer Universal Studios Hollywood or Knott's Berry Farm.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Bought the fast pass, however, instantly wanted my money back ! U are only able to reserve one ride and must wait 2 or 3 hours for another ride. Instead of planning out your day by reserving what ride u want threw out the day. My advice is might as well wait in line at the normal line.   Also, 150 per ticket???!!! Come on Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "this definitely deserves five stars i thought it would be bad but itsss great and the food i thought is trash but its awsome i love this would recommend", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is like for devil worshipers mostly every ride I took my grand kids on is very scary at Disneyland, California Adventure \u00a0is much more kid friendly\u200d", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place has some fun parks to go to. There are 3 different parks. One park is open for the public for free and and it's called Disney Downtown, which has a bunch of restaurants and shops. The other two parks, Disneyland and Disney Adventure have a variety of different rides. If you're someone who loves rollercoasters and water rides, then you will have fun at the parks. But don't worry if you don't like rollercoasters and water rides because there are plenty of family friendly, and slow, fun rides for you. Overall, all three Disney parks are really fun parks to be going to.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "There are people that love this place and others that hate it. I'll say that I am neutral. The park is a nice place to go with family or a significant other if it's not busy; which it is 95% of the time. Tickets continue to increase so it's very difficult to go here more than once a year and annual passes continue to increase as well. Even parking costs more than $20 these days if not more. Only way it is worth going is if someone that works there can get you in for free, but even then it's busy and crowded and you're shoulder to shoulder. I've been in the park at max capacity and it's ridiculous. You spend half your day waiting in 60 minute plus lines and another 20 minutes in line to get food. They shouldn't call this Disneyland, but \"Lines all day everyday land!\" \u00a0Disney really needs to figure out how to only let a certain amount of people in daily. Perhaps reservation style; which would suck for people that just want to go there for 1 or 2 hours but makes a whole lot of a difference for a family that's traveling from across the country. Certain areas of the park smell of sewage as sewage must be backup and has been building up for decades. All and all, if you're looking for a fun and stress free amusement park, this isn't it. If you're a Disney fan and can't get enough of Disney no matter the price and ridiculous crowds, then this place is for you.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have the signature pass and go to Disneyland A LOT. I made a list of my top 10 tips and recommendations I've found to become very helpful especially if it's your first time visiting: 1) the clam chowder at Royal St. Veranda is too die for! It really creamy and comes in a bread bowl. if you're visiting the parks for the first time I highly suggest you at least eat the clam chowder. The place is to the right of pirates of the carribean. 2)Disney food is expensive so if you want a quick bite that you can eat while walking around go to the Edelweiss food stand between the Matterhorn and Small World. They have really good chimichangas that are good size for 6$. If you want a really nice dinner without having to make reservations then the Plaza is your best bet but it is $$$. 3)For huge ice cream cone that's very cheap go to Cozy Cone in Cars Land in Ca Adventure.You can get chocolate, vanilla, swirl, or a dipped cone and they are about $3 a cone and you get a really big size. 4)The best time to get on the big rides in Disneyland are around 9:30pm-10:30pm when the fireworks are going and Fantasmic show is going on. Indiana Jones and big thunder railroad and pirates all drop from around 50min wait to 15-25mins! 5)If you want a great view of the firework show get on Mickeys Fun Wheel (the Ferris wheel in Ca Adventure) on the non swinging side at the time of fireworks. You'll be really high up with a view of the whole city and get to see the fireworks super clear without being in a huge crowd of people. 6)This is a good one for kids or anyone who is clumsy like me. I bought a large ice cream cone from Ghiradelli store in Cal Adventure and as soon as I took a lick the whole ice cream rolled off my cone and over the side of the fence I was standing at. I told a cast member purely for the sake of cleaning it up and was going to go buy another one and to my surprise she gave me a little slip that let me replace my ice cream for free! So I learned if you accidently roll your ice cream out of your cone \u200d or your little ones drop their plate of food etc. just ask a nearby cast member and they will have you fill out a piece of paper to bring back where you purchased it &amp; you will get another one free! 7)The best place to get a pic of the castle is to right of it (like if you're heading to Pixie Hollow). There's a little walkway that goes around the castle. You'll see a wishing well there. From that angle you get the whole castle with the little pond in the background and the walls are just tall enough to cover the people walking into the castle so you won't get anyone in the background of your pic. It makes for a really pretty picture with your fam or friends. 8)In CalAdventure in Cars Land is Chili Cone Queso, I highly recommend trying the bacon Mac and cheese bread cone. It is sooo good and only $8. It's decent size. The lobster nachos at Lamplight Lounge are a must-try! It's $20 a plate but you get a big a big portion. There is an upstairs and a downstairs to the restaurant. The upstairs are for apps and drinks only and the downstairs is the full restaurant and more kid friendly. 9)To avoid walking through the crowds in the park take the Disneyland Railroad train. It stops at Main st, New Orleans Square, Toon Town, and Tomorrowland. A train comes every 5 mins so the wait is usually not long. But it's a good way to give your feet a break and bring you to whichever side of the park you need to get to and it has cool scenery along the way that you don't see in Disneyland like through the Grand Canyon and through a dinosaur scene that's really cool with huge dinosaurs walking around. 10)Now I've only done this a few times so I'm not 100% sure it's correct but if you park at downtown Disney district, usually you have to pay to get a parking validation that is only good for 2 hours, but I've parked there a few times and if you leave when the parks are closed around 12am or later they don't have you pay when you leave they just let everyone go through I'm sure to just get everyone out so they can close up. Your not supposed to park in the district if your going to the parks but if you wanna risk it, you might be able to get away with free parking. Bonus tip: The most common place to spot classic Mickey characters like goofy, Pluto, donald, Mickey, minnie, is at Main St when you first walk inside. They are usually to the right of the flag pole in front of the Great Moments with Mr.Lincoln spread out so you can get into whichever line of the character you want to meet. At California Adventure Mickey and Minnie are always in front of Elias &amp; Co store which is a little down a way when you walk in the park on your left. They are usually dressed in vintage clothing so it's a neat photo opportunity.  On most days, you're most likely able to spot Belle, Beast, and Gaston in Fantasyland outside the Red Rose Tavern restaurant which is Beauty and the Beast themed.  I hope this helps :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney is still the . Luv the star wars bar. Luv bringing the family. Great family time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The crowds were so great it took us 20 minutes to get to lines that were 50-60 minutes waits. \u00a0Our children were tired and too grumpy to enjoy the park. \u00a0It was very expensive to have our kids irritated to the point they wanted to go home.  Disneyland has figured out everything except how to make it fun. \u00a0It was a horrible customer experience.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Came here again this year to see if I could go on space mountain and hopefully have it be worth the 85 minutes I waited but nope THERE IS NO LIGHTING IN SPACE MOUNTAIN. THOSE STARS DONT EXSIST. YOURE RIDING IN COMPLETE DARKNESS! Don't waste you're money on a ticket. Go to six flags instead get your moneys worth. Scam", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love Disneyland always a joy and clean  Glad your open late  Great merchandise  Fresh food", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Don't think I've gone all soft just because I'm giving Disneyland 5 stars. I still think their execs are among the scummiest vermin slithering in the putrid muck of human waste to ever befoul this world with their putrescence. And those are the ones I like!! (If I actually knew any.) Take for example, the exclusive, and not so well-known, Club 33 over by the Pirates ride. Ten year waiting list for membership. Membership fee is $50,000. (Not a typo.). Annual fee is $30,000. (Not a typo.). And to eat there-- you still have to buy a ticket to the fucking park!! What a bunch of greedy mofos!! Comp them a couple tickets, you rat bastards!! (Anyway, that's a 1%er problem. Why the hell am I concerned? I'm on the opposite end of the spectrum!)  No, the reason why it's 5 stars this time, is because during the 2nd of our 3 SoCal pass visits, we encountered nary an issue. Walked onto Pirates, Haunted Mansion, Jungle Cruise Star Tours, and a few others with a wait of 5 minutes or less. Hell, not only did we walk straight onto the It's a Small World boat, with no wait whatsoever, we got a private boat!! Did about 15 rides, 2 shows, the parade, met 7 characters, and lunch at Blue Bayou (which kinda sucked, but I'll deduct points for it during it's own review.) And even the parade was slightly better than the lame one from a year ago.  Quite a contrast to last year when parking and getting into the park took over an hour. Jam packed on a Wednesday in April. I mean, don't you people work? I know your kids have no future, but at least go through the motions: don't take them out of school for Mickey!! You just increased by 37% that the phrase \"you want fries with that?\" is in their future. (Actually, doesn't bother me, because I \"will\" want fries!!) Oh, and the Haunted Mansion broke down during last year's trip!! Stranded at the top of the graveyard hill for 20 minutes before house lights came on, they unfastened the doom buggies, and led everyone out.  I could go all curmudgeonly, and opine on Tomorrowland looks all dreary and dismal. If that's what the future looks like, I don't wanna go there!! I could remark how the $15 balloon had deflated less than 12 hours after purchase. Believe me, I could let my inner Scrooge run rampant, but I'm not going to.... this time.  My daughter had the time of her life. So you get 5 stars Disneyland.  This time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "You can go to the downtown area in Disney for free! Fun to walk around if you don't care about the rides. Lots of beautiful horticulture and great food.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It feels immensely strange to be writing a review about Disneyland. For me, Disney is just what it markets itself of to be, The Happiest Place on Earth. Over the years it's gotten more and more crowded which is a bummer, but I can't blame that on Disney. I actually think that they do a pretty amazing job dealing with the huge crowd sizes.   I love the implementation of Maxpass and think it makes the experience so much more manageable and for an extra $10 it's a truly priceless experience. I'll always love Disneyland and, as a result, continue coming back for as long as I am able.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Very disappointed. \u00a0I bought my children (3) autograph notebooks from Disneyland to only have them.get 1 autograph from Minnie. Then a couple.of other characters \u00a0like storm trooper and belle denied them signatures. \u00a0Those were \u00a0THE ONLY characters \u00a0that \u00a0were there. It's not like what they advertise on TV. It's not magical at All! What a waste of money and vacation. I would NEVER consider to go back nor recommend this with children. Denying a child a signature is just wrong. Especially, \u00a0if they don't say it politely.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Not so friendly ticket customer service. so disappointed how they will charge you for replacement of your annual ticket", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I go to Disneyland every year... this year was different. I have never been so disrespected in my life. The rudest lady at the ticket counter. Her window was closed and all I wanted was to ask a question. Just some help and see if my family and I can take a picture in front of the Christmas tree. We typically go in the park every year but this year money was tight and could not buy 3 tickets. All I wanted was to continue the tradition we had for 8 years. But she was not very helpful at all and very rude. Very disappointed. If this is the happiest place in Earth, they need to hire better staff.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place sucks I have an annual pass for my son and I and it seems every time I go there is a problem or block on my pass, i have had terrible customer service from management in particular, I would think Disney being such a huge company who gets away with charging outrages prices for everything would be able to provide better service and management that conducts themselves in a professional manner. You go to Nordstrom and get excellent service bc of the money u spend. Disney empties your pocket and still treats you like dirt, simply because they Can and that is not right", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I loveeeeeeee Disneyland. This is my second time being a pass holder and it's so much more crowded now that how it was 2 years ago.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I LOVE DISNEYLAND!!!! it's so great to feel like a kid again. My dad help design parts of Disneyland so I remember walking around holding my dad's hand and when work was all finished he would take me on the carousel. I spent most of my childhood in Disneyland and I loved every minute of it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland. It's Disney. I wish it were cheaper, but it is what it is.   I've had an annual pass most of the time for the past 15+ years. I love it there.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What follows is every detail and suggestion I can relay (and Yelp will allow) after visiting Disneyland with my 4-year-old, for the first time in 15+ years. These are words of wisdom for those with KIDS. Disneyland really is a wonderland when seen through the eyes of a child, and the joy on my son's face alone was enough to make the experience more than worth it. Effectively navigating the park as an adult with kids, however, is a completely different story. I'll try and relay our learnings over 48 whirlwind hours.   First, there is never, never a time when it is not busy. You can come on weekdays, mornings or hit the park right before it closes and you'll always find lines. For this reason, having a fully charged phone with the Disneyland app is an absolute necessity. How my parents didn't lose their sanity wandering the park with two kids, an ice-cream stained map and no forewarning of wait times is beyond me. This free, modern convenience tells you somewhat accurate wait times for all the rides as well as the location of bathrooms and restaurants. And when I say \"fully charged\" phone, you will be checking the app very often, so a portable battery backup is ideal because actual outlets are few and far between.   You'll see parents walking around wearing \"Most Expensive Day Ever!\" shirts. It's no secret Disney is a financial black hole, so why not spring for the MaxPass (at time of review another $60 a day)? This addition is way more than worth it. You'll be able to automatically get any professional photos instantly on your phone, but the real benefit is skipping epic lines. About every 90 minutes it gives you a list of lines for popular rides you can essentially skip, turning an hour+ wait for Guardians of the Galaxy into ten minutes. That's vital when you are standing and standing and standing with toddlers who want nothing more than not to stand. \u00a0 \u00a0  I found the MaxPass both absolutely necessary and frustrating. Necessary because you'll be able to do twice as many rides if you set alarms on your phone and strategically select passes throughout the day. Frustrating because they only give you a limited selection of rides you can use it for. For example, we never did Soarin', a popular ride with a 100 minute wait time, because we kept expecting a pass to pop up. Instead we got repeated passes for things like Small World at 10 pm on a Tuesday when the real wait was only ten minutes anyway. In short, still worth it.   Food: Despite all the advice we received ahead of time about how to effectively tackle the park, we didn't hear anything about the fact that virtually any place with sit-down eating options requires a reservation. It's not so bad at dinner time, but lunch, when your kids most need to relax and rest their feet, is not the time to be stuck waiting half an hour for a corndog as your only option. You can also use the MaxPass to make reservations. Do this as soon as you possibly can! Having a precious hour to sit and decompress at the Carnation Cafe for dinner was so very necessary. And if you think you can avoid this issue by just eating in Downtown Disney, think again. Those restaurants get crowded to and with all the moving around you'll be doing, you may not want to trek that far anyway.   If you're like us, at some point you'll have to suck it up and stand in some epic lines for rides your kids really want to ride. We bit the bullet for Pinocchio after seeing no passes and obsessively monitoring the app for a wait that was less than an hour. If you come with the mindset that you can't ride everything and you will have to wait occasionally, it makes it all easier. Don't expect to have some unique experience where you are the only ones who don't have to wait for things.   Also, always check the height requirements on the app. We wasted a pass for the Indiana Jones rides without realizing that our 42\" tall son did not meet the 46\" requirement. Lesson learned. And if you think your cutting it close, stuff some paper in their shoes or do your girl's hair up in a high bun. They don't check super closely. My son is technically a hair shorty for the Matterhorn, a truly adult roller coaster that scares the crap out of me as a grown man. He made it on and fortunately was not traumatized to the point of seeking future therapy.   I don't know how much longer Toon Town is going to be around, but this is my least favorite part of Disneyland with the exception of the classic \"It's A Small World.\" There is a major pinch point going into the area and the whole place is small and claustrophobic. There are a couple rides, but \"Small World\" is the only thing that's worth it. Kids of any age enjoy the fairytale rides much more.   Will I come to Disneyland again? Sure, when my son is 7 and old enough to ride unaccompanied. Despite the hassles, this really is a magical place.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am honestly disgusted at the staff's actions and how they carried themselves in the way they interacted with my 2 year old! Harassing and yelling at her because she won't stand still to check her height she's 2 news flash she doesn't do well with strangers yelling at her. I honestly wish they could refund my annual pass money. She was crying terrified saying \"why are they mean to me\" ...so much for the happiest place on earth and the manager just said if you want to make a complaint go to city hall she was yelling at her too, very professional Disney", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place should be renamed \"Miseryland.\" \u00a0Clearly management and greedy shareholders could care less about the grossly overcrowding and I can't believe fire marshals are not concerned about this. Even in late April you can barely move. This has become a very expensive waste of your time. You wait to get in, you wait and wait to ride anything assuming they are not broken again, wait to use bathrooms... pretty soon your day is over and you've done next to nothing! \u00a0 \u00a0Even had to empty out pockets and go through a broken metal detector leaving downtown Disney according Mouse Cop Moron,(guy) best part was having two of my wife's Tampons (new) and leaving them in the tray and Mouse Cop saying \"sir you left something,\" I said \"no I didn't, you can have 'em.\" \u00a0Cannot imagine going near this place in the summer, save your money and take your family to a National Park", "rating": 1}, {"text": "- The best place ever. \u00a0Always fantastic - gosh our whole house is decorated in Disney memorabilia. Number 1 place to be.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is everything I have Loved this place since I was 5. Everyday is an Adventure. You can go be a kid for a while  I have a Annual Pass so I try to go at least once a month . Yes it's crowded sometimes  But who cares . For me it never grows old . Never to old for the Magic . Birthday s Anniversary Disneyland is Always a great idea .", "rating": 5}, {"text": "haven't been here in years and i actually prefer disney world, but dang this place has changed! crowded, full of strollers and rude people pushing strollers (people stop bringing babies they can't do anything at disney ugh), long lines and terrible overpriced food, and $20 to park??...ridiculous!! but worst of all was when me and my friend's 8 yr old waited for an hour and a half YES 90 MINUTES for space mountain, they let us actually get in the ride then moved us into a side room, told us to \"get out and exit\" with no explanation. we wandered outside in disbelief asked an employee what the heck is going on and she said \"oh yeah the ride broke down and its closed now\". 90 minutes wasted, the 8 yr old missed his first time on space mtn and they offered us nothing... not even an apology. will never go to disneyland again, so many other better parks in so cal anyway.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I forgot to put a review here but it was the best family vacation ever and it was worth the money", "rating": 5}, {"text": "THE GOOD: It's Disneyland. \u00a0You already know the good.  THE BAD: \u00a0 1. They can't keep you alive. \u00a0Literally. \u00a0The tap water is NOT potable. \u00a0None of the stores I went into have bottled water for sale. \u00a0After several days I was able to find a couple vending machines that claimed to sell water ... but they were all \"out of order\". \u00a0If they were to be fixed they still only sell dasani, which I guess would keep you alive but still is about the worst bottled water you could buy. \u00a0  2. WHERE ARE THE THINGS???? \u00a0I've seen online about rides and shows and amusements, but I walked around the park for a while and couldn't find anything but shops. \u00a0A Starbucks and a Sephora! \u00a0It's just a strip mall. \u00a0  3. \u00a0They will search you. \u00a0I know, in a post-9/11 world everyone walks through a metal detector. \u00a0It's bullshit but we put up with it. \u00a0But when the rent-a-cop told me to take off my belt and shoes, that crossed a line. \u00a0No, Disneyland does not have the right to search me or my possessions. \u00a0Nobody does. \u00a0I demand to be treated like a human. \u00a0  4. They carded me? \u00a0Ok I understand about underage drinking but I'm 39 and I look 45 and I have a giant full beard that no 20-year-old can grow, and if you work at a resort and aren't aware that people commonly leave their ID in their hotel room then I don't know what to tell you. \u00a0Grow up and join the real world? \u00a0Idk. \u00a0  tl;dr I couldn't find any reason to go inside, plus just coming to this place threatened my health and my civil liberties. \u00a0I can't imagine why anyone would come here at all.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Since I've been standing in line for an hour at Disneyland I've decided to begin my writing career. Let's break down this overall experience beginning with tickets. I spent $300 to get into this place ($1500 in all). If I want to even remotely have a chance at riding a ride, I need to pay an extra $20 on each ticket for a max pass. I've tried to calm down over this by saying, \"it's no different than when the airline charged for baggage.\" But it is different. Adding the max pass is like the airline saying...\"if you want to purchase fresh spark plugs for the plane.\" It creates a hella iffy experience and makes you wonder if you should have done this. It's been so busy that if I didn't pay the extra we would be on no more than 3-4 rides on a day. Don't bother trying to get on the Star Wars ride. I appreciate the artistry of the place, but for this price I could have flown to Paris and gone through the Louvre. The money vs experience isn't my biggest gripe. I stood in the middle of Main Street and for the first time in my life I felt like my mom. If you want \"the full experience\" you need to download the app. I have maybe 18 hours here. I don't want to have to learn how to use this place via an app. I don't want my face in my phone all day. I don't want to be annoyed when the front gate didn't scan in one of my kids and I don't realize it until I'm 40 minutes into the Small World Line so now I can't reserve her ride times. I know I'm having a \"half app\" experience if I don't use it and play their game. I don't want my vacation to make me feel like buying a cabin in the woods sans electricity and running water.  On the upside, Jesus is performing miracles up in here. I've seen many people rise from their Jazzy carts and run to the front of ride lines.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "To everyone who rated one star for Disneyland based on prices and line queues, you obviously are completely oblivious or downright ignorant  NOW THAT I GOT THAT OUT OF MY SYSTEM Disneyland is the greatest place on earth, the atmosphere, the ambience, if you soak up everything, it'll make your visit 20 times more enjoyable. Quick disclaimers for everyone though: * It's an expensive park, tickets for entrance themselves are expensive? Expect expensive everything else  * MILLIONS OF PEOPLE COME TO THIS PARK FROM ALL ACROSS THE WORLD, if you are expecting to be pampered and getting into rides every 3 minutes like it's a local carnival, stay at home  * Anaheim is in Southern California, it gets hot, plan accordingly and maybe you wouldn't nag about how hot it is  Moral of the story, Disneyland is amazing, don't be swayed by insecure adults who have nothing better to do with themselves than be keyboard warriors and downplay a place as magical as Disneyland", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney has lost there minds! The price has gone up so high! Which is fine if they bring the same quality. Here is what i don't understand with all the politics today for construction. How did they get the second largest parking structure built in the USA maybe world even i heard and have ONE ELEVATOR?????! For handicap and for parents with strollers??? On another note when you exit Ball- Disney exit from 5 fwy they wait till very last minute to let you know parking structure is closed go to Katella. This is the STUPID ANAHEIM CITY AMD TRAFFIC CONTROL. Now when you go to the Toy Story parking off harbor. The city management of the buses is a JOKE!!! They don't send enough during day during busiest days and at night there will be ten buses at Disneyland sitting waiting for no reason while people are backed up in line to get back to there cars. All the more reason the parking garage with trams is better but still can be shitty. Costs of food have gone through the roof on food items. The way the parking and city buses all works is crazy stupid. The city of Anaheim is taking advantage of people who are forced to be stuck in the parking they do. The fact they have admitted fo the garage not being full and spreading people between both is all about the money and making there union bus drivers work. Always bureaucracy that makes people feel like there politicians dont have there best interest. They are in bed with Disney and the buses should not be operated by the city.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Saved #400 for this specific review on this specific day. \u00a0This time last year we were on our way to Cali and I am walking down \"memory lane\" hard. \u00a0  Of course there's nothing needed to be said about this magical place. \u00a0But I'll say it anyways. \u00a0The happiest place on earth. \u00a0It indeed was for us. \u00a0I'm so glad I waited til my kids were out of diapers, strollers, baby bottles and tantrums. \u00a0Well the tantrums are subjective. \u00a0Basically, I would never want to have a visit myself with little ones that can't thoroughly enjoy it themselves. There are lots of designated areas for strollers and seems like everyone leaves them very freely. \u00a0Bags and all, that's insane... to each his own. \u00a0Unfortunately when we went there were lots of renovations going on as it was a couple weeks before spring break. \u00a0I try to avoid peak times of travel since we don't get to do much of it, I'd like to keep away from crowds as much as we can. \u00a0So, my kids first visit and we miss the fire works, most of main street, the Mickey Wheel and other rides on the pier side, and what used to be California Screamin. \u00a0It wasn't a waste though, we caught a bit of the fireworks our first day in Anaheim, it was a test run of some sort. \u00a0Seemed like every time I had a friend going off to Disneyland there was something that was on renovation at one point or another. \u00a0I keep hearing different opinions of whether Disneyland or Disneyworld is better... since we're saving Disneyworld for the next anniversary, we'll wait til then to judge. \u00a0No matter though, Disneyland could never be a disappointment by any means! \u00a0Even with all the visits I've had and ages I've been, it's still as awesome as the first time. \u00a0I would highly suggest wasting no time at all and be there as early as possible. \u00a0Do some research and download the app to help. \u00a0It tells you what times and which characters will be where. \u00a0It gives a rough estimate on how long the lines are. \u00a0It has a good directory of the restaurants and what foods are there. \u00a0Now with technology I guess they've tightened up the passes with photos and fingerprints that way they can't be handed off to other people. \u00a0Ya, the prices continue to go up but in what world have things not? \u00a0If you're able to get any discounts, use it to your full advantage! \u00a0If not, just try to make the most out of your visit and get every pennies worth! \u00a0Fast passes, single rider, ride swap, do it all and ride everything. \u00a0 It sure beats paying per ride at carnivals! \u00a0The happiest place on Earth, nearest and dearest to our childhoods, to infinity and beyond!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is no longer the Happiest Place on Earth.  I visited Disneyland yesterday with family members to celebrate my god-daughter's 5th birthday and first visit to the park. I will start by saying that as the park has expanded acre by acre the level of Disneyland's customer service has diminished at the same rate.   From speaking to cast members over the phone (to make reservations for dinner and being hung up on) to our face to face interactions at the park, I was appalled with the poor, apathetic and rude attitudes displayed by many of the employees. I don't have the time to go into a great level of detail regarding each poor experience my family and I experienced with specific cast members as this review would end up being extremely long. In a nutshell, I am displeased with Disneyland's current level of customer service, which seems to be acceptable by the powers that be.   I am intimately familiar with Disney's core customer service values as I was a Disneyland \u00a0Cast Member during my late high school and early college years (between 1992-1996). To this day, I remember the customer service values that were drilled into my head during employee training. The \"Disney Way\" was very clear cut. I have even applied many of those core customer service values throughout my career including in my current job as a Supervisor in local government. To discover that cast members at Disneyland are no longer applying those values in their roles as representatives of the Disney enterprise is pretty disheartening. Very disappointing.  Even the interaction we had with a Cast Member in City Hall while lodging our complaints was a very peculiar experience (at best). I liken Disney's customer service to the level of service provided by Wal-Mart employees. Sadly there is very little difference between the two when it comes to guest relations. However, we expect sub-par service from Wal-Mart as the company has never prided itself for being customer service oriented. But at the center of Disney's core business model is providing exceptional customer service/ guest relations to park guests. I am beginning to feel as if it's more about drawing people in to spend loads of cash than anything else and each guest receives the customer service they get good or bad. Not too different from the Wal-Mart model is it?  I will send a special shot out to the Custodial Staff for continuing to keep the grounds immaculate. And also to Xuan (Bryan) at Aladdin's Oasis Cafe as he seemed to have listened during his orientation and training. \u00a0He understands that a Cast Member should never leave a guest without an answer or an option. Kudos to him!  The Happiest Place on Earth. Me thinks not!  Sincerely,  K.G.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Today has quite possibly been the worst day I've ever had at Disneyland. I'm an annual pass holder and have always loved disney. I'm used to coming during the holidays and having the parks be crowded. That doesn't bug me. I wish today was just crowded. Instead, most of the rides were either closed or broken. Each time I got a fastpass using my maxpass, the ride would break down before I even scanned my ticket. During lunch while waiting for one of my fastness time, I got chicken nuggets with my boyfriend within Frontier Land. About half an hour later we both became very ill. Luckily I am no longer sick. My boyfriend on the other hand is lying in bed sweating and in pain still from lunch..It's been nearly 10 hours since we ate. This is completely unacceptable. I was planning on bringing my parents along today but they changed their mind last second. I am so thankful that they did because I would be so embarrassed to bring them into this mess. Fix it Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Recently visited the magic kingdom hoping it would be fun and remind me of my childhood. \u00a0Had on-line tickets which had to be converted to a real ticket and my photo taken. \u00a0Don't get it. \u00a0The park is very very crowded. \u00a0They let way too many people in. \u00a0You can't walk around, you can't get on rides. \u00a0You can only get one FastPath ticket at a time. \u00a0Many rides are really dated and need to be brought into the 21st Century. \u00a0Really disappointed that I did not see any characters the entire day except Winnie the Pooh, Piglet, Eeyore and Tigger only because we happened to be in Pooh Corner. \u00a0Never say Mickey, Minnie or Goofy. \u00a0$110 a ticket and rode about 5 rides the entire day. \u00a0Got there early too! \u00a0No worth the money!!!! \u00a0Very disappointed and would not come back!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Horrible experience, got harassed about having a small part of a selfie stick in my bag, didnt even have the extension to put a phone on it, had to give it up to the sketchy lost and found, had to wait in an hour long line of people with selfie sticks taken away after the close of the park. Was treated with disrespect throughout the entire ordeal.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "been coming here since 1980. three times this year. this is the worst experience. got here at 8am and it took 1.5 hours to park. been in the park since 930 and only have been able too ride 4 rides. a miserable experience for the happiest place on earth. \u00a0what joke a poor one for my 5 year old. plus the person in charge of signage to park \u00a0must not have graduated high school because it is very poor and i have a phd. what is it going to be like when the new star wars park opens. nightmare should describe it then. disney owes my family and apology an explanation and 3 free tickets to ease this pain.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Rainy days at Disneyland means less crowd and more rides! \u00a0   I love that I got my pineapple dole whip float in less than 5 minutes. \u00a0  It did get crowded inside the stores when it rained cuz everyone was trying to get out of the rain but it's all good. \u00a0Ponchos definitely help keep the rain away. And when in doubt, a hot mocha makes everything better.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "People are incredible cranky in line when they dont have a snack in hand. Other than that bathroom are generally well kept - even late at night! Parking sucks but at least they have a tram - if it get crowded just be patient, because people are itchy to get on all at the same time, or you will get separated from friends or family.  Wish they had more poncho purchasing stands by the water rides or a better human size dryer.   BTW all the food is incredibly expensive - PACK A PICNIC!!! PUT IN COOLER IN CAR!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Completely oversold. 2  1\\2 hours lines. Fast passes sold out by 1pm. So many people you can't move. Hour wait for fast food. $400 for 3 rides. Such a disappointment", "rating": 1}, {"text": "There's not really any excuse for them deciding to not have a no-bag line at random times at the security entrance. \u00a0Why should I have to wait while they strip search 50 strollers when I don't have any bags and am super quick at security? \u00a0No real excuse for this line to EVER be long just to get to the ticket booth for anyone. It's just one of the many ways that Disneyland just feels utterly entitled to waste precious time of families that have expensed huge resources to get very limited time in the park. \u00a0For those with small children (not me currently but I feel their pain), those are the even more precious minutes you have before the inevitable meltdowns begin. \u00a0Not sure how a company that was built on providing a carefully cultivated good experience could just be totally fine with giving people a terrible first 30-45 minutes before they even start the day. \u00a0Maybe they think it's worth it for them to prop up their exorbitant hotel rates? \u00a0As with everything else in the modern day, they've gotten great about extracting every bit of revenue at the cost of eliminating residual happiness (what economists call consumer surplus) and the end result is that no one is really happy at the \"happiest place on earth\". They're all indifferent. High five Michael Eisner! \u00a0RIP Walt!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This used to be my family favorite place.... now since the introduction of a maxpass which is 15 more dollars and allows unlimited fast passes from your phone totally destroyed the enjoyment of the park....   fast passes use to be limited and did not effect the normal lines...  Now it does and it greatly effects the lines as the fast pass lines have priority over the normal line period no matter how many people have them as they seem to be unlimited....   We literally counted on space mountain over 200 people for fast pass per 2 people for normal line...  People where getting irate as we literally stood 15 people in front of us for over 30min of a solid stream of fast pass people before we where allowed in....   This happened all day for most rides.....  There was many many people now not enjoying Disneyland like you use too....   This is too bad as Disney is getting greedy and its showing more than ever before....  If they keep this up it's not going to be the happiest place on earth any longer...  As a loyal customer who spend lots a money per year here... they have lost my business.... going to spend more time at Knotts etc. In the future....", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My kids are fully grown, but this is a fabulous place to steal strollers and diaper bags- take one lap around to see what suits your needs and another to grab and run- make sure you take one In the value of 160.00 x people you paid for - to make it worth your day of sweat and smelly children", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Absolutely magical! We love Disneyland so much that we had to get the convenient monthly payment annual passes available to California residents and let me tell you, it's worth every penny!!!!! It also includes parking and pretty decent discounts on food and merchandise in the park. We went on Halloween-loved the decorations! And on the way home, made plans to come back in December for Christmas and late January. Needless to say, we're hooked again lol. I've been going through an extremely difficult time lately and was having trouble enjoying myself at first. But the main highlight of it all was getting to meet Mickey, who was able to put a smile on my face for the first time in forever (ha! See what I did there!!!)Getting the biggest hug ever from him made my year and melted my heart completely. I've loved him since I was a little girl and I'm so excited to see him again next month. All in all, it can be a little pricey for tickets, food, hotel, parking, etc and it WILL be busy during the peak season but you will definitely still have a magical time and make memories that will last forever.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "happyest place on earth this place is the bestestest", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always have a great time. Good does not need to be so expensive. We always bring our own food, snacks and deserts.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I want to give a shout out to \"Sylvia from Claremont, California\" in Guest Services in the front of the Disneyland Park today. I needed to renew my annual pass. It had expired and she not only renewed my pass, but patiently helped me download the Disney app., show me how to reserve some dates for December when I was coming with my young granddaughters \u00a0to celebrate my birthday and confirm \u00a0that I was able to enter the park today. She went beyond the call of duty for a not so computer savy Grandma such as I to help get me on track with my pass and reservations. Thank you Sylvia from Claremont!!! You rock!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Great place to spend a memorable day with anyone and for any occasion. If taking toddlers make sure to plan for snacks and naps! But they'll enjoy every moment. Mine like to stop and watch the performances given by the street teams and all the plays around the park! Be sure to take an extra set of batteries if your taking a camera! Comfortable shoes are a must!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I absolutely love going. I live in Anaheim so I can go quite often #blessed and every single time we go it feels like the very first time. This park is always super clean, the food is great, everything about it is magical. Every time I get the chance to go it takes my mind off everything else &amp; makes me feel like a kid again, it's expensive but it's so worth it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Our home away from home! Opens 9 am this week. There's always more things to do. We took the Walk in Walt's Footsteps tour this time. I highly recommend coming here during off season. So much more relaxing. We didn't get the Max Pass ($10 per day) because of the lower crowds but I bet it's a different story during peak times! Best place to eat is the Bengal Barbeque in Adventureland. One downer though is that they keep increasing the AP and ticket prices. The demand is there I guess. But.... we keep coming.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "long lines, annoying people, and everything is overpriced. this place sucks overrated and iver hyped. only good part is the fireworks. ok rides are good but pines are bad. always go on weekdays. the magic lies in their deception.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disney don't complain about shit these guys have so much to deal with at such shorty wages so come on. I get it you're there for your family yada yada, but deal with it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love This team park but if you come here in summer you will be wait for long time for drive. But it's ok Coz you will see some thing fun when you waiting and inside is so beautiful for hangout around.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am confused as to why it is taking 40 minutes standing in line to enter the park. Then I am told it is because those who buy tickets, must then sign their tickets, then get their picture taken because Disneyland doesn't want anyone handing off their ticket to another person.  They cannot have an annual pass holder's line to make it quicker?  Oh, and if the employee working the line is not concerned about the pace of the line, it takes even longer.  I'm not sure why Disneyland has not figured out a better system. They have people directing you to an exact parking space but they cannot get you through the entrance in under 40 minutes.  Great way to start the day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "One of the most miserable places on earth. \u00a0$356 for two to get in the gate just to be yelled at by Disney photographers. \u00a0We were talking photographs in front of the Mickey Mouse head \u00a0at the entrance when we were yelled at by Disney photographers telling us we had to get in line, no signs to guide us. \u00a0What an embarrassing moment even after my apology. \u00a0This event turned my happy to sad and angry. \u00a0This was followed by watching a mother of two children being told she couldn't use the wall outlet to charge her phone. \u00a0Again no signs just a Disney authoritarian exhibiting their power. \u00a0 Disney should take a moment to evaluate how they communicate the rules and procedures. \u00a0An simple sign to explain where you can't take pictures and the outlet is no for public use. \u00a0Maybe even provide charging stations.  I always admired Walt Disney and wanted to come to Disneyland, so disappointed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What happened to the Disneyland of the past where the guest experience was the top priority. I worked at Disneyland 40 years ago on Carnation Main St and we were trained on making sure every guest felt welcome and special. Yesterday I waited an hour just to get in then couldn't get on any of the popular rides under 45 minutes unless I purchased a special \"FastPass.\" Employees all had bad attitudes and were poorly groomed. I felt like overcharged every step of the way and won't be going to Disneyland anytime soon. Julie C", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth as long as you forget the fact that you probably neglected your 401k contribution, skipped buying a Mother's Day present for your mom/wife, or skipped a few dinners to visit!  Aside from the increasing cost for a park ticket, all those prior concerns may not matter. \u00a0Yes there are still long lines for everything all the time but the rides are interesting enough for all ages.  There are a couple of things to make your day go smoothly, install the Disney app on your phone, get a good night rest the night before(especially if you intend to watch the evening parades), scope out the rides you want to do, the restaurants you want to eat at and the pictures you want to take to remember that awesome day at Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love Disneyland ! I had a great experience at guest services with Lizzie who was AMAZING, she was very polite and friendly and I know guest services can take a while but when you have someone who is friendly and very professional making it easy for you, it couldn't be any better! Thanks Disneyland for hiring some great workers! So if you guys are ever at Disneyland and are waiting at city hall, I hope you guys get Lizzie, she's one of a kind! Also, enjoy at the Happiest Place on Earth!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Paid $18 to park a mile away from the park, had to wait inline before entering the park. Disney you SUCK!!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "(This review is for both DCA and Disneyland, so please keep that in mind. I'm copied and pasted this for the DCA review as well).  Okay so Disneyland is.... well..... Disneyland. This is without a doubt the most well-known theme park in the WORLD. It doesn't matter if you're an enthusiast or not or if you live in Timbuktu (No I am NOT being racist. I have nothing against that place at all) you've heard about Disneyland. It's that well known. Unfortunately, while the GP love this place, some people.... don't. The coaster enthusiasts and some annoying people generally write this place off as just something stupid that is only meant for children and that no adults should be there unless they are a parent. And yeah.... SCREW THAT! This place is awesome! This is NOT a credit whoring place nor is it a place only for kids. No this truly is an awesome place to spend the day. In fact, this is my favorite theme park of all time! Yep, that's right! Plus, DISNEY IS AWESOME! They own Marvel for god sakes they can't be that Juvenile! Seriously, SCREW anyone who says that adults or teens at Disneyland without a kid are degenerate pieces of garbage with Peter Pan Syndrome. (I've been called this many times on Discord and Youtube). Sorry, I can go on and on about this, but for the sake of this review, let's just go into why this place is as awesome as it is.  First off, Their coaster collection is solid, they have some AMAZING dark rides, some really fun shows, and so much more! \u00a0Pretty much stuff you can't find at your average Six Flags/Cedar Fair park. Plus the staff are super friendly and the lines move SUPER quickly. They really get trains in and out at a super fast pace. So even though yes the lines can grow long, they aren't going to be nearly as bad as you may think. Usually, I just grab a bite to eat or something and hit a 90 minute line and then I'm good! Plus the park looks absolutely stunning, especially at night. Which means PLENTY of photo opportunities. They also have an incredible food selection as you have many different sit-down restaurants you can dine at as well as some good casual food you can eat. (If you want to find some good sit down restaurants to eat at, try Storyteller's Cafe at the Grand Californian Resort and/or Naples for some top tier Pizza (It's not Via Napoli good but it's still kickass). Now, something amazing that can happen is getting stuck on a ride. It's stupid I know, but sometimes if you get stuck on a ride, you get free ride passes for ANY attraction. How awesome is that???? Plus again MORE PHOTO OPPORTUNITIES.  In terms of flaws, I can't really think of anything too big. Yeah, the crowds can get bad and it is expensive. But with the experience you get and with how fast the lines move, it won't matter. I've gone on days where the park hit MAX CAPACITY AND I STILL HAD A GOOD DAY. Oh, I forgot. They do have one thing I don't like. They have a piece of crap coaster known as Matterhorn which is a brutally rough ride. They also have Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage which is a boring and dreadful ride experience. But hey, if your only major issue is a select few of your rides not being good, you don't have anything to worry about. You have an amazing park! Because let's face it. Every park is going to have one ride that isn't enjoyable or is underwhelming compared to the rest of the park's lineup.   Overall, I really enjoy this park and I always get excited to go whenever I get the chance. And yeah, don't listen to anyone who says adults can't like Disney or that you have Peter Pan syndrome if you think going to Disney as an adult is a bad thing. That's bullcrap and I highly reccomend going to the park and this really is an amazing park! It may be extremely expensive now, but hey! At least you're guaranteed to have a good time. Besides, you wouldn't turn down the Happiest Place on Earth, would you? :(", "rating": 5}, {"text": "These people are ruthless...my husband lost the parking ticket and we tried show a receipt from drinks...they continued to say we needed to pay $30 even though we were in the parking lot for about an hour and you get three free hours plus two hours with a valid receipt. Unbelievable, they take people for every penny . I will NEVER be back here. We tried speaking reasonably and NOTHING came from it. \u00a0A bit far from the Mickey and Minnie I once knew...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Magical - we had a disability access pass bc my daughter had been very ill and the cast members could it have been more helpful and wonderful... kids loved splash mountain... and we had a great time... I cannot say enough about how accommodating Disney is for sick kids...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Best Theme Park. Clean. Rides are entertaining for any age level. Love the food at certain places. Research everything before you go and make the most of your time. The inexperienced wait in long lines and eat the sub par food.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What's there to say about Disneyland? \u00a0I used to enjoyed it as a kid when it was less crowd and more fun. \u00a0Purchased the SoCal 3 days passes and took my kids to make some memories since my daughter is obsessed with Disney characters .. worst purchased ever!   Parking: HORRIBLE system! Took us an hour and 45 minutes just for parking alone. \u00a0And the following days took over an hour just for parking. \u00a0So go early!   Park: \u00a0same old and love it how they jammed so much people in the park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Went to Disneyland with sone family friends and it was a great time! The park is clean, easy to navigate and fun! The cast members all around the park are in to their roles and interacting with people all over the park. The rides are fun and the lines weren't that long for a Saturday. The food is what you'd expect from a theme park. If you live \u00a0in Southern California the SoCal discount tickets are a great deal! Can't wait to check out Adventure Park aT some \u00a0point in the future.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Do not bother going here between Christmas and New Years. Crowds are horrendous and Disney fails to manage them properly.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "STOP BEING CHEAP AND PUT THE DATES ON THE CARDS ....  I've had a premium pass majority of my 9yr old life ...I remember premium passes at $349 ...so i went to renew my pass and I could have swore it was the day after my birthday so I left work early and went down to do it ..it was the day before my birthday that it expired so since there AGAIN PRICE HIKE!!! They will give u the old price if u do it on or before it expires .. I asked the guy if I can get the older price since it was 2 days later ...and he was \u00a0really rude and short and said no .. I have 6 pass holders in my family and u would think for being a member as long as I have been they would do it or make a compromise.. NOPE NOTHING !!  Also I tried to early to renew and they said u \u00a0can't do it \u00a0to early .. That's prob what they hope for so they get an extra $60 out of u - WELL I DIDNT RENEW AND STILL HAVNT TO THIS DAY !!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is seriously behind the times compared to Universal Orlando. If you look at the faces of people here all you see is hot and miserable expressions from waiting in lines in the hot heat with no fans or misters for so long. I don't think Walt would call this place the happiest on earth any longer. Why can't they put some fans and misters for when you are waiting in ride lines for an hour plus, they obviously make enough money. \u00a0Why is Fastpass to skip ahead in line not something you can purchase or use on your phone or even get for all the rides if you want. Crowd control here is terrible as compared to Universal. I am done with all things Disney. They have rude customer service at their resort in Hawaii, Disneyworld is just as horribly organized as Disneyland. Will not spend my money with Disney ever again. My recommendation, go to Universal Studios instead.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This time going to Disney was great because I decided to ride all the rides just to try everything. I was excited to find out they had updated a lot of the rides since the last time I went. Tower of Terror is now Guardians of the Galaxy themed! Much better and more kid-friendly. Tower of Terror is too scary and I LOVED the newly themed ride. It's my favorite.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Wow, went to ask a few questions in regards to positions and qualifications and that lady Misty in their HR department, beyond rude. No manners, I really don't know how Disneyland has her working there. And when I asked for her supervisor, she said she was the supervisor.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland has always been a fun place to go to. Make sure to see the Main Street Electrical Parade,and Fireworks.I recommend you travel down the street to Shakey's Pizza Parlor for their lunch buffet served 7 days a week from 11 A.M. to 2 P.M. Be prepared to pay $120-EA.for an Adult 1 Day ticket,and $25- for parking. (You may get a substantial discount if you attend a time shar sales presentation in the area.)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love going here. Parking is really pricy however everything else makes up for it. Perfect vacation spot.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Who doesn't love Disneyland. Prices has gone up and parking can be a pain but with all the new attractions added it's definitely worth coming.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It seems weird to give a review for something so big \u00a0and well known as Disneyland but it really was a life changing experience for our family. We will always remember our 'Disneyland' vacation even though we also toured 9 states over two and a half weeks. We saw Hollywood, San Diego, the Mojave Desert, Yosemite, and San Francisco yet Disneyland stood out as the highlight.   If I learned anything, it was that even if you think you've seen it all there is always more to see. We spent three days between the two parks and spend 2/3 of the time in Disneyland. We could have easily spent another day or two. Before you go, do some research so you don't go in blind. Everything is pretty cool but you don't want to miss the really cool stuff because you wanted to revisit Great Moment with Mr. Lincoln.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It was my 5th time going to Disneyland since I was a baby, but best experience ever!!   Make sure you invest in a little more to get that Maxpass to get Fastpasses as well. Those will save you sooo much time and strength to endure the day. I was able to ride a lot of rides because I didn't have to wait for so long in the regular lines. You can also download photos with the Disneyland app if you have this ticket because the photographers that work there will take your photos for free since you paid for the Maxpass! All the staff were friendly and made sure everyone was having a great, magical time. The rides, parades, stores, everything was beyond my expectations! The whole park was very lively and clean too!  Definitely felt like it was the happiest place on earth!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The rat haus is over priced and over rated. Go to Knotts Berry Farm instead. \u00a0The food at the rat haus is expensive and gross. EVERYTHING is overpriced junk at the rat haus.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "you are the parent company for abc news. abc news pushes made in america. all your merchandise is made in china. so this would make you hypocrites. one who lives in glass houses should not cast the first stone.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If you have any love for Military families please repost. I want this to go everywhere.  I typically dont do lengthy rants like this...but Disneyland disappointed my daughter, wife and myselfto no end. Here's how  As some may know I am a proud Navy Veteran...so I went to the base to get some slightly discounted tickets. I spent $760 on two 4 day park hopper tickets which was normally priced at $790..a small $15 discount per ticket. Disney offers an Extra Magic hour when you purchase 3 days or more which allows you to enter the park 1 hour early for 1 morning. We saved that option for our very last day.  My family got to the park, waited in a long line still only to be turned away at the gate. \u00a0Disneyland does not permit Military families into the park for Magic Hour because I got a discount...a pitiful $30 discount and they wouldn't allow us to enjoy 1 extra hour after buying two 4 day passes.   It was the first time I felt Punished and Embarrassed for being a Veteran. \u00a0I expressed my disappointment to two seperate cast members there and one of them turned their back on me and walked away!!! \u00a0I expressed that nowhere on my ticket does it exclude anything. The cast members reposonse was \"it doesn't say it includes Magic Hour either.\" The ticket also doesn't say it includes the use of the restrooms, or meeting characters, or use of water fountains or going on rides. I just assume it's part of the ticket admission.  I'm not stating because I'm a Veteran that I am entitled to anything...I dont even stand up at sporting events when they ask Vets to stand because I dont want special recognition for it. But when a business offers a Military discount I usually get the exact same service or product just at a slight discount. \u00a0But Disneys position is that since I received such a pitiful small discount that we do not get the benefit.  Disney...we are done with your company. \u00a0The way you treated my family left us sad and disappointed with our experience. Either allow ALL Military the same experience with a discount or simply dont offer one at all. \u00a0I would have paid regular price if I knew you were going to sell me a stripped down version of \u00a0a ticket.This is only the first place I will be leaving a post about Disney lack of care and respect for Veterans. #disneyland #disney #military #veterans", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland's security detail ruined the day for me and my family (Guy named Rando and his group of wanna be Paul Blarts). I had a small bottle of alcohol, which they said can't be brought onto the premises. I said \"can't i just drink it right now real quick before going in.\" They said no, you have to go away from the park, which i did, consumed it and threw the container in the trash, came back and they said i was not permitted into the park, because they saw me on a camera drinking it (which shows that their security has to ignore real security concerns to look at me).   My daughter was crying, but i calmed her down and said to still have fun with mom. I live 2 and a half hours away, and the point is, it is a FAMILY experience, which means all members should be present, for this \"happiest place on Earth\" experience. I said, this is not right, since not only did they not communicate clearly what was their rules to me, or the consequences of not following their supposed rules, but also, they serve alcohol inside the park! This hypocrisy is obvious because they sell THEIR alcohol at crazy prices, along with food, ticket, and everything else. Well isn't this counter intuitive, since ultimately now, because of their treatment of me, they will be losing thousands of dollars with the ripple effect of my family and people i know who won't go henceforth, and also through my posting things like this and on youtube, it'll likely be a ten's of thousands of dollars mistake for them.   Disney, you need to change protocol, or retrain and/or fire offending \"security\" personnel. This same security staff named Rando or Rondo i think, even said that my wife was being a bad influence on our daughter by letting her hear us shooting down their illogical case for why i had to leave. So, Disney lets security be A-holes to their customers as well, and get away with it, even when you talk to the manager above them. My wife and kid ended up going without me, and she reported back to me at the end of the day, she smelled weed smoke everywhere.   There were drunken people as well (not that i really care about that, as long as the people aren't becoming violent or anything), but it just shows they are inconsistent hypocrites. You'd think there'd be stronger brains behind their management, when it comes to common human decency, and when crunching numbers for best business practice and making more money, especially in the internet age. From now on, i will go to the much better, more family friendly, more versatile, closer by, less packed, less line waits, and much less expensive Six Flags from now on.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Loved Disneyland in general. Hated the stinky, toxic fumes coming out of the gas powered cars in Autotopia.  Come on Disneyland it's 2018. You have the resources to convert the cars to electric engines (with traditional engine sounds if you wish).  Please clean up the air and provide a healthier and more pleasant experience for your guests.  Thanks! :-)", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Fantastic amusement park! Very clean and well kept with friendly and helpful staff. \u00a0The food is the only drawback: overpriced and underwhelming. \u00a0Star Wars: Galaxies Edge on the other hand is truly amazing. \u00a0You really feel that you have been transported to another galaxy. \u00a0Also, both rides here, Smuggler's Run and Rise of the Resistance, are well worth the trouble.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The best kind of place to go with friends and family! Going to both Disneyland and DCA is how I like to spend the day there for the maximum amount of rides. The parades and firework shows are always the best but make sure you try to get a spot early for ANY type of shows at Disney and DCA because good spots for a good view can get filled up pretty quickly. I go every year!  Can't wait for Star Wars Land!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "ive fckn had it with the lines and the radiator spring racers is a crock pf shit 220. minutes are you fckn kidding me", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Parking sucks ! Customer service not helpful!!!!! I was curious did anybody experience about the parking, we have premium annual passes, and the benefits of the parking does not help at all, such a ripped off. Never again to purchased annual pass eapecially the one who can \"SAY\" the exclusive no blackout dates and free parking, the fact is ridiculous!!! No magical at all ...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'll start off by saying in am 54 years old and a So Cal native. \u00a0This is not my first time at Disneyland, but it is my last. \u00a0 It is really a terrible experience  Never again. \u00a0I met friends there yesterday and left hating the place. Just not a fun experience any longer. \u00a0It is an effort just to find the parking lot, park and get in. \u00a0Then either wait forever for a tram or walk about 15 minutes to get to the front gate. Once at the front gate another long line to purchase a ticket that took forever. By then I was exhausted. The park itself is a mess. \u00a0Tomorrow land is basically Star Wars land. \u00a0It looks drab and ugly. \u00a0 The monorail and train are either gone or closed. \u00a0There is not a sense of enchantment anymore when you walk around. There is nothing very special about being there.. \u00a0It is an overblown, overly crowded mess. There has to be a fire department intervention because it has to be beyond capacity. \u00a0They pile people in like cattle.  The quality is not there any longer. If Walt came back he would be pissed....that is until he sees the big profits being made.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "DO NOT spend your money going on vacation here! Go to disneyworld...they are managed independently of each other. The disney dining line directed me to eat at the wrong places!!!! After walking across the parks getting nothing I was crying with frustration twice. Speaking to several different managers about my multitude of problems is a waste of time! And they certainly make you feel that way! I am SOOO sick of the bad customer service, the guys sweeping/kicking up dust when I'm eating every single dang time! Man I hate this place. We have to cart in our own food....they lie about their ability to be so good at catering to everyone's dietary needs...we are just vegan and gluten free! Big hairy deal! Disneyworld can do it for 5 days why not here for 1 day?!?!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disappointed. Me and a friend both got food poisoning from the ribs at Black Spire Outpost in Galaxy's Edge a.ka. star wars land. We ate there for lunch and spent the afternoon running back and forth to the restroom before just giving up and heading home.  If that wasn't bad enough we were extremely upset with the time advertised on the app. We download it to make our visit a better one and to help us make good choices in the selections of the rides we wanted and the order to go on them. Several of the times listed on the app were wrong be almost double.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney Corporation has killed Disney brand and Walt would be spinning in his grave. $280 for 2 day park hopper ages 3+ and $799 for annual pass is pure greed. \u00a0This globalist corporation is in the business of ripping off people and maximizing profit for shareholders. Real wages have not kept pace with these ticket prices when a deluxe annual pass was $270 in 2007 and a 2 day park hopper was $120", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Magic-Magic-Magic!!!!  Every single time we go to Disneyland we have a great time! Enjoy your day! Bring your magic goggles and see the world from a fun, silly view!  What place on earth can you go where there are parades every night? And all the characters we grew up with are happy to say hello?!  I personally like that the prices are high. Helps keep the parks from being externally crowded and keeps the riff raff out.  I will be a signature plus pass holder for a very long time!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love this historical place. It's way to over priced the food is way over priced for the quality and the taste. I'm giving it a 5 star because it's worth seeing the face reaction on your family it's all worth it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland officially has moved from what was once a great place for families and their kids to catering to young adults who love star wars and other super hero junk rides. Customer service is horrible and their greed knows no end. We bought tickets back in march from target before disney changed their prices, but when we showed up at Disneyland they did not let us in because we paid the old prices at Target and they are so greedy they couldn't go without the $11 difference. They wouldn't even let us pay the difference at the ticket office to issue us new tickets. The attendants were very rude to us and acted like it was our fault we bought legitimate tickets at a cheaper rate they are now charging. On the back of the tickets it even states that they are good at Disneyland until January 2019 and even showed them they were activated on the Target receipt, but they still turned us away to Target refusing to give us tickets wasting 3 hrs of our day at Disney. When we showed up at Target they told us they could not even exchange the tickets and pay the difference in price bc the old tickets were not even in their system anymore to make the exchange. My wife and I, and daughters had to go back and then go to the customer service counter where they finally agreed to let us pay the difference after my wife and daughters were in tears bc they did not want to give us tickets we spent almost $1k for. They did nothing for our 3 hour loss or make up in any fashion totally treating us horribly. We wont be back after this fiasco! Disneyland has moved far from Walt Disneys original DREAM! All about lining their pockets and ruining the great charming family environment. VERY DISAPPOINTED!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Only a few years have passed since we last visited, and in that short time so much has changed. Most noticeably, security has tightened. When buying tickets, names for each are required and photos taken of each person upon entry.  After the initial shock of these new security features we were able to enjoy all the magic and fantasy that Disneyland has to offer and feel very secure in doing so, but not before shelling out some serious coins; prices have gone up too!  We came for a very special occasion (my birthday) and no monetary value can be placed on making memories at such an incredible place with your loved ones, and for that reason, every penny we paid for tickets, parking, in the souvenir shops and dining was absolutely worth it!  So much to experience, there's something for every age group in each of the lands. If you aren't going to be here for multiple days make a plan to hit up the most popular rides first and check the Disneyland app for wait times and more.  Employees here are amazing! There's definitely something magical about being able to keep the biggest smiles and bubbly attitude given the amount of people they service in a day. And the bathrooms were kept sparkling too!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Everything about this amusement park screams 5 stars. Probably the most iconic amusement park in the world, Disneyland provides the best experience for people of all ages and the cast members always make sure you have the best experience possible.   I have probably been here 50 times, ever since I was a child and the experience you get here is unbelievable. From the spirited parades to Main Street to all of the fun rides and Disney characters you can meet around the park, no other place can ever compare to Disneyland.  Yes, it's also known for being extremely expensive, but they use the money well to maintain the rides and just about everything else in the park.   If you come to visit and you want to make the most of your experience and MAXimize your time, make sure you get the MAX pass, (you have to pay an extra $10 per person) but it gets you into the fast pass lane and it lets you download photos from roller coasters.  Disneyland will forever be my favorite amusement park overall for how clean and safe it is, how nice the employees are, and the amazing experiences it offers. (I wish the rides were a little scarier though)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I hate this place. To the adults that come here without kids on a daily basis, you are out of your freakin minds. Because it was peak season when I went (December) I paid extra, I wanted to see the holiday parades and fireworks. Fireworks were canceled, so I was freezing for 2hrs for nothing. I paid 100% of the ticket to see and enjoy 100% of what the theme park offers and they gave me at best 60%. The hosts at this park are unbelievably rude and entitled, calm down you're working at a theme park as a host you pathetic losers. I always try to be super nice to employees but these hosts were terrible. They told me not to waste my time to even make a reservation or come back because they were booked. And this happened at two separate locations. Surprise, I go online and I am able to make a reservation for a place that was supposedly booked tight. The lines to buy were not long when I went, but since the cashiers like to tell everyone their life's story you can be waiting behind someone for over 10 minutes. The list can go on, but I'm cutting this review short.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Stuffing a theme park made to hold 50,000 people with more than 1000,000 because you can is pure greed on Disney's part. This will never change because $$$ always has the final say in corporate America. $15 parking and $90 entry fee along with overpriced food and 45 minute lines will assure that I will not be back. This is just not necessary but I guess a couple of billion dollars a year says it all. You can find so much more to do for $150 per person after all is said and done.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disappointing. I went to downtown Disney yesterday (4th of July) and was searched before walking into downtown by the hotels. They made me take out all my stuff from my purse, open my wallet and didn't allow me to put it back in my purse until they finished searching it. Finding nothing. Then I walk thru the metal detector and it went off. So they took the wand and moved it over me. She then asks me if I'm wearing a belt and I tell her no. She then tells me to lift up my shirt to show her. I'm not a skinny girl in the least but she made me show her my jeans button to prove I didn't have a concealed weapon. Annoying as fuck that I wasn't even going into the park. I was only going to a store to look for a purse. I felt so degraded by the treatment.  It's a shame that I can't go to a store without being viewed as a criminal for having tattoos. I found it interesting that the person in front of me had a backpack and \u00a0hey barely searched her.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place has gone down hill the last couple decades. Way way over priced, and same boring attractions that haven't changed since they were built. Unless you have a few grand in your pocket, you can't afford this place. I use to enjoy this place growing up in Southern California in the 70's and 80's, but now a days, not so much. Very disappointing. Go if you must, but you have been forewarned.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hey Micky you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind hey Micky!! \u00a0(clap clap clap) Hey Micky!!! (clap clap clap).  WOW!!! \u00a0What a trip!!! Our family went to Disneyland and California Adventure with our best friends for three days. We had a \u00a0BLAST!!! Our kiddos had never been there before so they had an incredible time. \u00a0  We loved all of the rides, food, entertainment, characters, shows, etc. \u00a0It is such a magical place. \u00a0The customer service is UNREAL!! \u00a0If every company treated customers the way Disney does, our world would be even more amazing.  I suggest paying for the Fast Pass which allows you to get on rides faster and keep all of the pictures taken with the professional cameras \u00a0If you only want to collect all of the photos, I would suggest only buying one fast pass for the family.  Make sure you've saved up your money because Disneyland is expensive! \u00a0There are things you can do to cut corners, but still know how much you want to spend because it can get crazy!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My family and I have spent a lot of money at Disneyland. We have gone on Disney cruises. We have a Disney timeshare. And we have had Disneypasses for many years. At this moment, I am not sure if this will continue. And the core of the issue was their inflexibility and poor customer service. Our passes are set to expire in 40 days. We wanted to add my son and upgrade our passes. We were told that we can't do that without paying half a year's worth of each pass. Then we asked if we could pay off our passes, then quit our pass, and get new passes. We were willing to eat the rest of our current pass. We were told we could not quit our pass. I talked to 3 people, and each person said the same thing. I am very disappointed. I was thinking about adding onto our disney timeshare. Now, this is not an option. I am angry enough where we will not go on a Disney cruise again. I cannot believe that Disney will not let us pay off our passes and then cancel it. This seems like extortion, and extortion well beyond their normal high peices!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It is always a magical place to go. \u00a0No matter what you age is, there is something to do for everyone. \u00a0Disneyland always provides first class service, so you can be sure that your experience inside and outside the park will always be s memorable one. \u00a0I highly recommend the Christmas time celebration, as the park gets decorated for the most wonderful time of the year. \u00a0This is a once in a lifetime experience that everyone in this world must attend at least one in their lifetime. \u00a0Thank you, Disneyland, for making this year such a memorable one to remember for the rest of my life! \u00a0You guys are awesome!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This past weekend at Disneyland was so horrible I don't know where nor how to start. I seriously feel like I was robbed. I know things cost money and I'm ok with that. However, when you pay 480.00 dollars for 4 tickets get there at 10 am and try to reserve a fast pass for space mountain and the next available time isn't until 1045pm that is just ridiculous.  So fast forward an hour when I go back to check my reserve times for space mountain and haunted mansion only to find out the got damn App deleted my reservations. Then when I try to reserve times again they are not available anymore. This is now only around 1130am.   So in total I experienced 4 attractions, 4 burgers and fries, 4 churros plus waters here and there for a grand total of around 700 dollars. talk about a total rip off!!!!  I won't be visiting Disneyland again, this time it really hurt Walt.. \u00a0 sorry Mickey...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "To whom this may concern. \u00a0  I was at Disneyland and Disney California Adventure 9-4-2018 for my best friends birthday along with another friend, her husband and her autistic 4 year old. I am a pass holder and really enjoy coming to both parks year around. Although all this time of coming to both parks I've never had a horrible experience as I did this past 4th of September. It was very shocking to witness the unfair and unprofessionalism that occurred that Tuesday. There were not 1 but 3 separate incidents that happened that day.  Incident 1 : We had gotten our MaxPass for the cars ride and were very excited! It was our first ride going into California Adventure. As we approached the Cars ride entrance we noticed a line had formed for MaxPass so we stood patiently until it was our turn to scan our passes. Well \"Miguelito\"who was at the front of the cars land entrance controlling the line and the MaxPass yelled at us \" PAY ATTENTION AND LISTEN TO WHAT I SAY!\" After he then yelled out after we walked passed him \" THATS WHY YOU HAVE TO FOLLOW DIRECTIONS!\" It was very embarrassing for us. I then collected myself and friends to let it go so, we did.  Incident 2: After we collected ourselves and let go of the horrible experience at Cars Land we decided to get coffee at the Starbucks in California Adventure. As we walked the line to the register when it was my turn I noticed the 2 cashiers that were in conversation were very annoyed by taking my order so then \"Maria\" (who is a cashier at the Starbucks in California Adventure) rolled her eyes at her coworker and then asked me \"what did you need?\"I asked her a couple questions regarding the drink menu, she then interrupted me to talk to her coworker again. I knew she wasn't going to be much help so I decided to order my usual \"Trenta Pink drink please\" she then laughed at me and and then said nothing. I paid with half of my Starbucks e-gift card then handed my money to her, she slams the register throws away my receipt. I stood there waiting for direction or a \"bye have a great day!\" Because in total honesty I didn't know my transaction was over. Instead Maria yells \" YOU HAVE TO WAIT TO YOUR LEFT WHERE EVERYONE ELSE IS!\" \u00a0Again very embarrassing. I decided after 13+ years in customer service and hospitality I was going to make a complaint to Maria's \"manager\". I noticed Maria walks over to someone close to her and starts rolling her eyes as she tells her side of the story before I can even explain and, I notice the \"manager named Evelia\" rolling her eyes too already making judgement of me. I held myself together even knowing the \"manager Evelia\" had prejudged me I decided to be calm and express my hurt feelings. She then said with a smirk, \"I'm sorry for the miss communication there but, there is nothing I can do but refer you to town hall.\" After she had walked back to where \"Maria\" was and started to laugh and roll their eyes again! So as a \"Manager\" myself I was very upset and decided to talk to someone in town hall because my short time was nearly ruined with family at Disneyland California Adventure. So as I approached the town hall in California adventure in nearly tears of frustration the person who's name was \"Jolie\" was nice but not very sympathetic. although \"Jolie\" wrote my statement down in which was missing more than half of what I had said, I still felt very dismissed. Incident 3: As my friends and I with the 4year old waited the time to finally use our MaxPass for PETER PAN, the person at the pass line \"Aeden\" was very rude and had told us we were not allowed to ride without the child who has a pass. It was the child's nap time, he was tired and fussy so he and his dad sat it out so we can experience it for the first time since we haven't been on that ride in over 15 years. So we told him that he was right across at Pinocchio (pointed him out) with his father asleep. \"Aeden\" then says \"it doesn't matter sorry.\" That wasn't the worst one but still felt very wrong for it being \"The Happiest Place On Earth\" . I don't wish for people to get penalized for this I just wish people would understand the amount of time, money and stress it is planning a Disneyland and Disneyland California Adventure trip. We sat in our cars and literally cried for about 10 mins about how unfair it was to be a annual pass holder and a Disney enthusiast only to be treated that way. \u00a0  Thank you for your time.  \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0Disney Pass holder", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wow - you money grubbing hungerbitches. I am impressed with your greed. You were able to take Magic to hell in less than a second. Shame on you and pox on your family.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's getting too expensive to pay to get yelled at by employees all day long about where you can stand/walk or breathe. The magic is absolutely gone. Not a pleasant place to spend my day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I never in my life have said anything bad about Disneyland, I always give 5 stars. This year may be my last until things change! WHO IS RUNNING THIS PARK NOW!? Obviously, someone who does not know what Walt wanted or who Walt Disney was! At least have someone in charge that has passion and knows and honors Walt's wishes. I always thought Disneyland was supposed to be a place for adults and kids alike. Adults can be kids and kids can be kids. Not anymore. Adults are adults and treated as such. We stood in line to meet many characters and the cast members treated us as if we were adults trick or treating at their homes! We felt completely unwelcome. Another guest was at the park for his first time, he was a huge Star Wars fan! On 10/26/2016 at Mickeys Halloween Party, we were in Tomorrowland and we met the first time guest and welcomed him. When he saw the Storm Troopers, His eyes lit up! He wanted a photo and he was so excited. The cast member that was with the Troopers said \"They will pick who they want for photos\" ALL THEY PICKED were kids and then they left. This guy was heartbroken and so were we. It was very disappointing. \u00a0 Now what is with all the strollers? I am not even kidding there were at least 100,000 strollers parked all over the street and near the rides and in front of bathrooms. There needs to be rules, the park is not built to handle the amount of strollers that people bring in. Not to mention the people who are pushing them just run over peoples feet and have ZERO disregard for the handicapped. \u00a0We witnessed this first hand! Disgusting! This park is a giant mess of grumpy mothers, disgruntled dads and screaming kids who don't even know where they are because they are very young. This used to be a happy place. I know the people are not Disneylands fault, but these people should just stop going altogether, so the true Disneyland goers can have an enjoyable time. I myself have been going for many years, 40 years to be exact. I will probably stop my tradition. I will say California Adventure is much more of a pleasure. The characters are super animated and sweet. Anna and Elsa were amazing and took the time to actually talk to the guests. They treated us very well and made us feel very welcome. I cannot say this about the Characters over at Disneyland. Only a select few seemed to be happy. We also got NO fireworks on our Halloween Night which is one of the WHOLE reasons we went. The parade was 45 minutes late. This was the worst visit I have ever had. Get your ears together! Supposed to be the Happiest Place on Earth!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always clean, always stocked, great cast members and enjoyed the ambiance. Macaroon was okay. Peanut clusters and goofy's cherry balls are a must. The day was very tiring but worth it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I swear to god this is the best park you will ever find they have food,drinks, and plays for your child's so if you need to have a family out play kind of stuff Disneyland park os the way to go and especially you have build a bear store your son or daughter will love it and they will want to go again", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Visited for Spring Break from NC. \u00a0Been to Disney World and loved it. \u00a013 year old daughter has Type 1 Diabetes. \u00a0Visited other regional parks and to keep her from standing in long lines, park would give us a slip to show to attraction and given a time to return. \u00a0Not at Disneyland. \u00a0Guest relations says that Disneland no longer considers Type 1 Diabetes a disability. \u00a0Told us to give her more insulin while at park and that standing in line was good for her. \u00a0 This led to her being exhausted and us leaving park early each day for z nap at hotel. \u00a0Also called disney dining prior to trip to make reservations and for nutritional info. \u00a0They said Chef at restaurant could get us carb info. \u00a0Chef acted like I was crazy. \u00a0Said this isn't McDonald's. \u00a0If you have kids with type 1, stay away!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is like a man...all it does is disappoint you.  I recommend Universal Studios over this place any day. Why you ask? Let me begin...  #1 Space Mountain was down #2 Matterhorn was down #3 Pirates of the Caribbean was down #4 We were in line for Haunted Mansion and guess what happened there...DOWN! #5 Thunder Mountain trail...CLOSED!  What was open you ask? Indiana Jones...what else? All the other Under 5 years of age rides.  This park isn't what it used to be. Universal is more up to date and take much better care of their guests and their attractions. Universal is more for all ages while Disney is more for children or people that want to be disappointed.  They also did not offer any sort of reimbursement after making us wait in another line for 2 hours before we got to speak to someone in their Guest Relations department.  Even the fast pass lines are atrocious. You have to wait a minimum of 20 minutes for each ride even with a fast pass.  So much for the happiest place on earth...Do yourself a favor and go to DisneyWorld and if that isn't an option and you're in the LA area PLEASE choose Universal over Disneyland. You will not be disappointed!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is ridiculous, first we go in get bag checked and they all of sudden \u00a0start panicking over a small pepper spray. I didnt mind that much, so we decide to walk back to the tram but on the walk we just decide to just toss the spray.  Once tossed, we return to the same bag check line. Complete the check, and then this worker named martha from bellflower comes in and starts accusing us of having the spray, when we clearly told her we tossed it. \u00a0Right after the false accusation, she brings the supposed supervisor, raquel, who then makes us walk all the way back to where we tossed the spray, so i can show her where it was tossed, and when we finally decide to come back she tells us that we have to get checked a third time.  On top of all of this it was my gfs birthday. Definitely going to cancel our premium annual passes after this. The customer services was awful. Martha needs to learn how to approach customers and talk to people without making them feel threatened. Her attitude was very inappropriate and shows lack of respect.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The best place. We try to get here as much as we can and fortunately we have always had a terrific time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Prices and parking is so expensive. \u00a0People that leave near Disney we don't get special discounts", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Yes, my favorite place on Earth has been, still is, will continue to be Disneyland. \u00a0The rides, the attractions, the great food and fantastic treats none of it ever gets old.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland. It's great and you will have a fantastic time. Make sure to get a churro.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Horrible time. Parking was full so had to park as far as you can get in the Downtown Disney parking area. Very long lines for them to check your bags. Even longer longer lines to show your tickets. It was too crowded! I only managed to get on 2 rides the whole day. It would have been 4 rides, but 2 of them broke down just as it was our turn. Two of them! Unbelievable. Don't wish to return until they do something about over selling the place out. Lines were ridiculously long.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Totally not worth the money! For almost $100 to get in plus all the money for food and souvenirs, not worth it. We arrived at 930 for the park to open at 10 and did not get into the park until 1130 because of all the lines. Only got to go on 3 rides. Two churros and a drink was $12. A corn dog, a bag of chips, and a drink was $10. I was excited to take my 3yo and 2yo for their first visit but not worth it. The only amazing parts were the parade and when my daughter met Mickey. But still not worth that kind of money.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "No longer the happiest place on earth. Greedy company and I refuse to support it anymore.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is always Disneyland. This place is always so Magical. I have been here since i was a child. Hopefully it will continue to been magical for the next and next generation.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Arrived at Disneyland...only to be told the park is closed to new guests. Happiest place on earth...not so much!!!! National Lampoons anyone?!?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "first of all, if you want to have a good time at Disneyland, don't be cheap. the FAST PASS is worth it or else you will be standing in line for 2 hours per ride.  Disneyland never disappoints. everyone is friendly and full of spirit.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Your website is misleading.   I have purchased tickets, only to find out I cannot use them until 7/1. I have reached out to your email support just to learn that you'll get back to me in 5(!) business days. Then I waited on the line to talk to your rep. After 20 minutes of wait your rep hung up the phone and I had to spend another 20 minutes to wait to talk to another rep. After another wait, your rep has informed me that I will need to upgrade the tickets in the park instead of doing this over the phone (30 minutes after purchasing them) prior to getting to the park.   I finally got to talk to Mitchie - a supervisor after 40 minutes. To be clear, I am looking for a way to pay the difference before I get to the park. I have asked Mitchie to help me upgrade the tickets or cancel so I can buy new ones *before* I get to the park. To my disappointment, Mitchie has told me that the only two options I have are to upgrade at the park or dispute the credit card transaction.   What a terrible way to treat your customers.   Sure, you can call out that I should have clicked the tiny link to learn more about the tiny print and sure, you can have your reps tell customers that tickets are not refundable even if a customer has purchased them a few minutes ago.   But maybe you should ask yourselves: \"what would Amazon do?\".", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Growing up in Orange County, I've been to Disneyland numerous times, it's never been a bad experience. But I wanted to write this review specifically about my visit in February this year. My boyfriend and I decided to go for a day, and this particular day ended up being unexpectedly hot. Close to 100 degrees, and I suppose I hadn't really spent a whole day in that type of heat for while, especially with all the walking around you do there. I guess I hadn't hydrated or eaten enough for this type of day. As we were waiting in line for Star Tours, I began feeling a bit dizzy, and it kept getting worse. We stepped out of line so I could get some fresh air, and immediately one of the cast members noticed, asked if I was okay and offered to get me water. She ran to get me some water before I could even answer. In that short time before she came back, the dizziness turned into complete disorientation, and my eyesight starting getting like tunnel vision. Next thing I know, my boyfriend is waking me up, from almost fainting face forward. More cast members had noticed by this time and were already on the way to get me a wheel chair. I received the water the first member ran to get me and another cast member lead us to the nurses station. They took me in, let me rest, the nurse took my vitals and asked me some questions. I was able to rest and drink some much needed water. I felt fine not too long after, and I was able to get some food and we had a great time at Disney the rest of the day. I wanted to write this to say thank you to the cast members of Disneyland. They responded to my condition so quickly and carefully, and I felt like they were all really concerned. The people that work at this park are great people, and I just wanted to say thank you for caring for your visitors! It really makes me love Disney that much more.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Huge park so much to do and love and look forward to the fireworks at end of the night", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland was great today. We walk onto rides &amp; the weather was perfect. Now waiting for the Electrical Light Parade!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Overrated. Old. Dirty. Food sucks. It's the complete opposite of California Adventureland right next door. We went there previous day and LOVED it. I wish I was there. There's no option for alcohol either to make it better. \u00a0Will never come back. Never.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Absolute hands down best service excellence is found here at Disneyland. \u00a0Everyone very well organized, friendly and guest-centric. \u00a0You can tell the difference between the two parks, though they were both a fun filled place to be, Disneyland by far is a step up in service excellence above California Adventure. \u00a0Enjoyed a 3-day park hopper ticket. \u00a0This was our first time to Disneyland but it will definitely not be our last, plan on coming back again and bringing the grandkids. \u00a0I highly recommend a full week vs a 3-day visit to plan to make the shows with the rides between the two parks. \u00a0Christmas parade was the best!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "You wanna know why i'm so angry??? First off the people are literal lazy insects. Most of them just dont care. They give false info about selfy sticks and wagons saying not aloud. Yet fucking thousands of people... my bad insects they are not people, INSECTS!!!! DECIDE TO CAUSE TRAFFIC JAMS, and continue to walk over people.. also too many non english speakers who decide to just loiter around DOING LITERAALY NOTHING but take space. Fk disney im fed up wanted to record the water show but APPARENTLY there is a fastpass? SINCE WHEN... iv been here well over 20 times im 25 and i am extremely unsatisfied! Incredicoaster was cool", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Well first and foremost bring your $$$$$. This place is the biggest rip off in America. I can see paying $35 for a t-shirt in Hawaii or some far off place but in the middle of Los Angeles????? It is an insult that they charge these kinds of prices for goods in such a populated area. Let alone everything sold in the park is made in China or a 3rd world country. Walt Disney would be ashamed of the way his business is being run.   For the prices they charge for clothes they should be made in AMERICA!!! Corporate greed is alive and well at Disney. They should put people in Los Angeles to work and build a workshop at the park to make the clothes and cheap toys that they charge an arm and a leg for. Oh did I forget to mention the $10 CUPS of soup available....that's right not a bowl but a CUP!!! $10 freakin dollars to go along with my $7 Icee. Give me a break. They should be able to make money by charging a reasonable price but they gouge you.  One of the days I paid $125 a person to get into the parks (times 4= $500= one day at the park to buy $35 shirts &amp; $10 cups of soup) I went to California Screamin and it was closed. I then went to Tower of Terror and it was closed. Soaring over California = closed.......ok whatever....let's head over to Disneyland......Space Mountain.....closed!!!!...and the guy out front says, \"yeah yesterday we knew we were going to be down today for some maintenance......really???? a billion dollar company cannot due their maintenance at night like a ski resort????   So $500 dollars later I get to wait four hours for the crowds to arrive before I can get on a good ride. Aweful.  They need to lower their prices and get into reality...until then...  Going to Knott's Berry Farm and Universal next time........", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is definitely the most magical place on earth, I go their quite often and their always making changes for the better. Both parks aren't necessary to have a fun time, so don't waist money on park hopper tickets,", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I don't get it. I don't understand how anyone can enjoy that park. I went there today for the first time with my son.... it has to be the worst day I ever spent in my life :    - once you get to Disneyland it takes you about 1 hour (and $20) to park. Then you have to walk forever to get to the train that takes you to the park... then you wait for the train, then it takes another 30 min to get through security... then another 20 min to get your tickets! We arrived at the park at 9:00 am and were INSIDE the park at 10:20am...  - Once you're inside you will wait at least 45 min to get on a ride. So I repeat : we got there at 9:00am, were inside at 10:20am and on our FIRST ride at about 11 am. MADNESS!  - Once you're inside the park it is mostly shops. Made me feel like I was paying just to hang in a bit outdoor mall  - Every ride has a wait line of about 45 min to an hour AT LEAST! And the rides last only a few seconds.  - I did not see ONE character in the park. No Minnie, no Mickey, no Donald.... absolutely no one! And we spent a whole day there. I don't know where they are hiding. There are a few that you can \"meet\" if you stay in line for an hour. No thanks!  - Food is absolutely disgusting, and I wasn't expecting much.... you don't come here for the food after all. But I was expecting at least dinner quality. You know, just give an ok burger or a sandwich and I'll be happy. But no, not even that. Not to mention that the prices are INSANE. I paid $4 for a bottle of water. Biggest ripoff !  So after a full day there, we only managed to get on 4 rides : Dumbo, The Caroussel with the horses (that you can find anywhere), the train (boring) and Peter Pan (broke and we got stuck on it for over 20 Minutes).  To sum it up, this park is an absolute disaster. It was my first time and I will never go back. I'm glad my day there is over. I do not recommend it to anyone. Even my son did not enjoy it. It is definitely not kid friendly. Kids are exhausted from waiting in lines and they are starving as the food is inedible.... It's really an awful experience.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Every time we go we make great memories. It's always clean and the cast members are always so nice. Look forward to many more trips here!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Purchased an $1,800 package with upgrades the Halloween party, one night at the Grand Californian, early entry, fast pass app etc. The Grand Californian was great but in the two days that we were here, the fast passes via the app didn't work. The app rarely worked at all. The early entry resulted in zero rides. We stood in line for Space Mountain until the early entry was over with before Disney let us know the ride was down and they didn't know when it would be up again. The manual fast pass system was always down in all the times we tried. The staff at the Blue Bayou had trouble identifying gluten safe items for sure so settled for a $75 extremely dry, tasteless steak, no veggies. My wife's meal was good for her. Hours in lines and we have only gotten to ride the train and a partial ride on the monorail before it was down. The fireworks were canceled for the Halloween Party with thousands of people left in the street bewildered and no explanation. We had four days planned for our vacation but we're leaving after two. Disney can't refund (or isn't willing to empower their people to do so) the tickets or bad experience. We've never had a bad experience at any of the Disney parks but we'll ever be back to Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney is definitely the place to go to make memories with your family. It's not like any other theme park I have ever been too. If you are a photographer then you won't be disappointed what Disney has for you. The kiddos will remember this for the rest of their lives. It is a bit on the pricey side but it is so worth it. If you are on a budget I do recommend bringing your own food because you do get carried away with all the smells and sights. Also water is free so don't spend money on over priced water. If you can't afford to go or simply don't want to spend your money on a theme park, a recommend Knotts berry farm which is just as exciting but cheaper.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland! Went there this past weekend and I'm amazed! It exceeding my expectations and more! My Bf took me here for Christmas and even though it was on Saturday and Sunday, the rides were not long at all If you know how to use the fast past and have the MaxPass. It was a wonderful experience and I would love to return.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Overpriced &amp; way overcrowded. Parents with younger kids like myself should understand that it's not easy having a toddler walk around a hot and sweaty amusement park. My toddler was grumpy and these parents behind us in the tightly squeezed line made a slick remark accusing of us \"forcing a child on a ride.\" Thankfully my husband told them to mind their business because they felt like they knew us well within the 5 minutes of being in line together.   First off, don't be that parent who judges other parents. I'm writing this review to give a heads up on those who feels the need to put their two cents in other families businesses. It's normal for kids to have temper tantrums.   Unless you're a young high schooler or someone without kids, this amusement park is not fun at all. I know friends who go there and have a good time Bc they don't have young kids. It's not easy having a young child waiting in long lines while other obnoxious parents make rude remarks.   We also bought fast pass tickets that are very limited on which rides you can go on. Not even worth it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ok, I have never given one star but Disneyland on November 22 was top notch rude/ cranky. From the security mocking people that phones are made of metal \" put them in the bin\"!!! To it's a small world representatives saying \"stop taking pictures and move!\" Captain Hook shoving me away to disappear into the kitchen at the character breakfast, the Peter Pan representatives embarrassing my son, ridiculing \u00a0him for \" standing to lose to the yellow line !\" \u00a0Getting stuck ON the Small World ride for twenty minutes, the Tavern smelling like a latrine - I can go on. In short - Cranky, disgruntled employees, overpriced food and bathroom smells ( in fairness it was super hot - maybe that was the common factor?) this experience was pretty bad.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My experience today deserves less than one star. Don't trust the app. Checked it before we left to make sure we weren't blacked out which the app stated we were good to go and not blacked out. Because of this information we decided to get in the car and drive the two house from our new home over 2 hours away to come to have our last disney day as we are not renewing our passes due to the new house we just bought. However upon arriving to Disneyland they stated that we were in fact blacked out. I went to ticketing to see what we could do as my pass expires in less than 1 week and due to work and our distance we would not be able to make it anymore this year. All but two very nice women were extremely unhelpful and did not seem to care in the least bit that it was the Disney app that glitched and led to this massive problem. I will NEVER get another Disney pass ever again as the customer service is extremely lacking when they have issues that are their fault. This saddens me deeply as I have had a pass since I was two and we were just planning on taking a break for a couple of seasons and then renewing our passes. Very unfortunate experience that Disney needs to rectify immediately.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is truely the most wonderful place in California. \u00a0If you want to build a memorable image with your kids this is the best place to do so.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ok who doesn't love Disneyland?! The excitement, and the day to be a kid again! All the junk food! The rides!! The characters who we just want to hug and kiss! There is so many reviews to YouTube videos talking about this place that it will make your head spin. There is so many research you can do but still never really plan it out correctly. So! After coming here a few times, I think I can plan it out better. Being here for a day or more, planning it out is the best and knowing what you want to see and do.   The Plan: I suggest going to Fantasyland first! Half or more of the rides is not on the FastPass and/or always a long wait. Sooooo go straight to fantasyland first! \u00a0While your here, make a FastPass for it's a small world and rides in Toontown. So afterwards, you can walk your \u00a0way up there. Then head onto Toontown since it opens at 9am. After this head start, you can walk your way down either side of the amusement park. With the FastPass, you can easily plan ahead in each land.   Things to do: so if you love breakfast- the buffet at the plaza inn! They have a great giant selection of breakfast and character meeting! This is great because the characters come to you for photos!!!   Things to collect: Not many people know this but there is tons and tons and tons of penny pressing machines all around Disneyland and California adventure. And they sell the pressed pennies holder which holds up to 30 coins I believe at the stores. To locate these Coin machines, then search for \"coin machines\" on the dIsney app. It will tell you where to find them, because they are randomly located throughout Disneyland and kind of hidden. I wish the app shows what designs they are, but one more thing to get excited for! These are great for coin collectors. Also, every store have free button pins at the register! Ask for them! So if it's a special occasion or whatever, get a free button pin.   Before you go, download the app! It has the map! It tells you where the restrooms are and everything you need for the day! And you can plan ahead with reservations and FastPass. So it may be priced extra but getting the maxpass is worth it!!!! You can get and organize your FastPass on your phone, and you can get any of the photos taken professionally downloaded directly to your phone!   A few things to bring is coins if you want to get the pressed coins, tissues, hand sanitizers, bandages, water, sunscreen, and a jacket. Planning ahead makes sure your day will be great!  Either you go for a day or have the season pass, no one can come here without a smile on their face. Who doesn't love Disney?!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Starwars bar and land was more or a magical experience then I could have imagined ........................", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Everything about this theme park makes me overflow with pure HAPPINESS. the moment you walk in you here \"happy music\" everyone is smiling everything is beautiful. You just feel so so happy. Okay so a couple of things....you definitely just want to get a air bnb or hotel close to Disneyland and Uber. Trust me this is the cheapest and the fastest way to access the park. Things to bring on this trip: flip flops &amp; a foldable poncho (for wet rides), tennis shoes, extra socks, maybe some extra clothes if your not a fan of drying off naturally, sunscreen, water bottle (full or empty), and a hand fan. You will need these you will thank me later. :) bring some cash too because some stands have cases where the credit card machines don't work (very rare) but has happened to me. If your not a fan of walking too much and need to survive the day and reserve energy take the train! This is the best way to survive sun up to sun down at the park. Oh and cannot forget!! If you are a fan of rides get the fast pass it's worth every penny and will ensure maximum time efficiency!! :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is simply insane. You spend 1h waiting for any show of ride. We drove 7 hours from San Francisco to spend my sons birthday and we regretted it. Just go to any local park or zoo and you would have more fun", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't love Disneyland? I hate that the prices are sky high, but the park is worth it. If you don't want to deal with crowds do during off-season on a weekday. Weekends are crazy. Going on any type of holiday is nuts. The people are so friendly, and they make your experience so magical!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Where else would you want to be if you're a kid? Fireworks start at 9:30pm and last about 20 minutes. There was no parade at this time.  If your phone needs extra battery, the power bank cost $33 for a one time use. Bring your own power bank. There is no wall outlet charging anywhere.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Wow! Worst Disneyland pass holder experience. I don't think I'll ever be going back based off of how staff treated me on multiple occasions and then bullied me off the property because I was trying to let them know how the other staff were treating me, and as far as making a complaint and calling customer service you are faced with an ice cold attitude on multiple times of calling and absolutely no solutions. Seriously disappointed. For it being the most magical place on earth they sure treat you like absolute garbage and could actually care less about your experience. I'm astonished with how poorly the customer service and staff is. Thanks for the experience because now Me, my family and friends are probably never coming back. All that return business gone because your staff, customer service, and pass holder terms suck. So disappointed, Disneyland used to be my favorite, it's sad how they are training their employees to behave and the customer service. Absolutely no solutions.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth!!! \u00a0  Pro tip #1: \u00a0Download the Disneyland app as it provides you all the things you need to know about the park. \u00a0From wait times for rides, where to dine and restroom stops...trust me you need it and it's FREE! \u00a0  Pro tip #2: \u00a0You are allowed to bring your own food/snacks and water/juice/soda into the park to avoid paying the ridiculous prices they charge inside the park. \u00a0  Purchasing the Fastpass or Maxpass can help you to maximize your time in the park. \u00a0It does cost a little more than regular admission but may be of value especially if you're trying to avoid long wait times at each attraction. \u00a0  Dining: \u00a0You can also use the Disneyland app to place a mobile order to avoid waiting in line and also unlock secret menus. \u00a0My favorite things to eat are: \u00a0churros, turkey leg, corn dogs and Dole whip! \u00a0  Where to stay: \u00a0We like booking a hotel in the vicinity of Disneyland that offer shuttle service from the hotel to the park and vice versa. \u00a0It's helpful when you need a break as you can re-enter the park with a purchased ticket for that day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We have been annual passport holders for many years. A month ago, we renewed our annual passports and then two weeks ago we found out I was a high risk pregnancy with gestational diabetes. With these underlying medical conditions and the Coronavirus my doctor advised we stay away from large crowds for the safety of my pregnancy.   We went ahead and emailed Disney the circumstances and they said they were unable to help us through email but they could assist us if we called them.  I called this morning and asked if there was any way we could still pay the entire amount owed but possibly pause the annual passport during my high risk pregnancy and resume them after the pregnancy. We were not requesting to cancel them, we still would pay the full price, we simply wanted to pause them as I can not use them during this time with coronavirus and my high risk pregnancy. \u00a0   The lady I spoke with was incredibly rude and said that they couldn't do anything to help the situation.   I was incredibly disappointed with their customer service and that there wasn't a single option or willingness to work some sort of offer out.   We have been passport holders for at least 6 years. We spend so much money with Disney and have never requested a pause in our annual passports. With the current pandemic that is happening, my high risk pregnancy, and my doctors advise to avoid large crowds I couldn't believe they were unable to assist us AT ALL and that they were so rude.   Disney has lost us as lifelong fans and annual passport holders. If they were able to do something for us we would be annual passport holders for years to come. However, with their unwillingness to accommodate this situation we will NEVER get annual passports again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always an awesome time exploring the different lands and people watching.  The new Galaxy's Edge land has amazing natural elements mixed in with great buildings. You truly have stepped into the Star Wars universe when you come through the gates. The way the cast members interact with guests is really cool and unique. They pay special attention to details of the story and it really is weird and exciting at the same time. You are made to feel extremely comfortable and welcomed.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth is long gone.. \u00a0Walt Disney I'm sure would be disappointed by what's become of his dream. \u00a0My wife and I took our son...so costs about 300 just to park and walk in. \u00a0THREE rides all day..... And that included the carousel which we can do at the mall. \u00a0Pirates shut.down.twice and so many people lines for snacks and food are almost as long as rides. \u00a0As a public we need to quit putting ourselves through that and take our families and money elsewhere.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Duh! It's Disney. You pay a premium but they know what they're doing. Delicious food fun rides amazing scenery, it's freaking Disneyland what else is there to say??? Bring your imagination, bring your light hearted spirit, bring your patience, and bring your wallet!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland,   I'm writing to bring to your attention my family's disappointing experience at Disneyland in Anaheim on Monday, June 26, 2017. We purchased one-day Park Hopper passes to celebrate our son's 10th birthday. Although we generally avoid visiting Disneyland during the summer months -- we've had a wonderful time at Disney during 7 previous visits in the \"off-season\" -- our son \u00a0wanted nothing more than to spend his big double-digit day in Disneyland. We also flew our 5-year-old granddaughter in from Virginia to spend this special time with us. The cost, with food and souvenirs, exceeded $1,000 for the day.   Unfortunately, the park did not live up to its reputation during this visit.   We expect to encounter a few equipment problems at Disneyland; Splash Mountain and/or Big Thunder Railroad are usually touch-and-go. But the amusements generally are fixed in time for a ride before we leave for the day, or there are plenty of other working alternatives.   Not this time.   1.Grizzly River in California Adventure: estimated wait time 45 minutes. Actual wait time 75 minutes. A park \"cast member\" apologized for delays she attributed to the new Fast Pass system.   2. Cars in California Adventure: Fast passes for 12:45 p.m. Waited in Fast Pass line for almost 15 minutes -- outside of ride entrance -- while cast members figured out how to move the crowd through the new dual-swipe system.  3. Guardians of the Galaxy in California Adventure: Waited in line 30 minutes before leaving after told ride had technical difficulties.   4. Walked across park from Guardians to Splash Mountain in Disneyland. Wait time estimated 30 minutes. Waited in line 30 minutes before leaving after told ride had technical difficulties and would not reopen for foreseeable future.  5. By now our 10-year-old child has broken down in tears. \"This is the worst birthday ever!\" We are desperate. \"Let's go to Pirates of the Caribbean -- that ride never breaks,\" we promise.   Well, sort of wrong.   6. In Pirates line for 15 minutes. \"Someone call 9-1-1!\" Ride closed indefinitely.   Done.   I took the children to buy $7 ice cream cones while my husband went to customer service. A 19-year-old cast member offered 4 fast passes for our day in Disney disaster.   That just won't cut it. We've been loyal customers for more than a decade, having spent thousands of dollars at your park. We would appreciate a show of loyalty on your part by refunding our admission cost for June 26, 2017, so we can return with our son in October to begin to rewrite his negative impression of Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disneyland. Why would it anything less than 5!stars. This is the crown jewel of Southern California. \u00a0 Mickey Mouse is 5/5 as is Donald Duck. Can't wait to go back and spend another $1,400 for the day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Went to the park over MLK weekend and I don't think I'll be back for a very long time. What has happened to that place? So very different then when I took my kids years ago. Roving gangs of parent less kids running everywhere, I counted 8 rides which were shut down or broke down while we were there, half the people I saw in that park I wouldn't want to run into on a dark street...looked like a tattoo and face piercing reunion...what happened to the family's I used to see there?? Pretty sad, but I guess as long as the money's green, they don't care who or what comes through the front entrance. I guess this was inevitable, like the direction so many other things in California...it's a place you no longer want to be.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "All I can say is that it's great to be back. It's been fun being here for the second half of my day. (First was at DCA). This is the part of the theme park that is more family friendly. It has rides and attractions for all ages. No one is ever too old to enjoy at this theme park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is ridiculous . I have a Premium pass at Disneyland Resort . I've been on hold with customer service for the 30 minutes. Trying to speak with someone about an item i lost there . I've spoke with Nicole she was great then I was transfered to \u00a0Maria in lost and found . She is no help and still has me on hold . This is ridiculous talk about Dinsneyland and the customer service it is terrible. Thanks for the Christmas spirit . Then I get hung up on by your supervisor! Great job . Left on hold, then get hung up by your supervisor. What a joke !", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is about Disneyland's basic practice of pricing. they have now started to leave prices off the tags so on different days different weeks or if at is popular item they raised the price. I went in November after the Christmas time had started and a particular shirt was at like $45. I went back two weeks later that same shirt is now $65 and most items have no price they have the tags but no prices on the tags that means they can change the prices daily depending on what's hot item or not I think that is a very poor practice for Disneyland it is losing its credibility and it's fairness it cost some people an extreme amount of money to go there because they want to experience it but to be ripped off like this should be against the law if it isn't already. \u00a0extremely disappointed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Had a horrific experience with the crowds, way too many people there to enjoy any of the rides. \u00a0People smoking all around the park, how rude and inconsiderate of them and I thought you could no longer smoke in public places! \u00a0It also appeared to be a special event day, nothing personal but there was a huge crowd of what looked to be \"Gothic\" crowd. \u00a0Not a pleasant experience for the family, especially the kids!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love it! The lines do get annoying but it's worth the wait! This is a fun place to take the whole family! Lots of yummy food and the employees are super helpful and nice! If you come to California go to Disneyland you won't regret it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is way over priced, and they do not care about their costumers! \u00a0It's more of a hassle than fun to go to! The employees in Guest Relations are ignorant, and I'm appalled by their judgment of what they deem as a disability. (didn't realize doctors work there lmao) I had an employee, literally tell me, I didn't Look like I had Leukemia and a transplant, &amp; didnt look like I had side effects from treatments that cause me pain and my bones to die, which makes. It hard to walk/ stand for long periods and it's getting worse! Not all disabilities need to look like anything! It's absolutely ridiculous, and I've encountered quite a few arguments with managers, as they don't give one s@#*! I've also seen them treat my father like crap too, he has a cane to help him walk short distancees sometimes he needs a wheelchair and they have turned him away even when he was unbalanced and falling... He's in his 50s so I guess he's too young to be permanently disabled, which he is. Disneyland is only about profit!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney is great for everyone and every age they should have a 5 star rating and I believe they are the best amusement park and have the most kind and caring staff to help you for anything you may need if you are thinking about going to knots berry farm of six flags don't got to Disney.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I came here with my mom, my dad, and my sister one week in February 2000. We each got a 5-Day Flex Passport (6 day pass) and used up all the spaces on the passes available for entry stamps (four days of the six days allotted with the pass we went to Disneyland). It just so happened that at the same my grandparents were in the area on a road trip, so we decided to meet up at Disneyland. We also found out a few days before we left for Anaheim that one of our neighborhood families would be there at the same time as us. Family and friends in one place while adventuring, seeing the sights, and riding the rides was straight-up awesome.  We stayed at a hotel/motel/inn within walking distance of the main gate so we could get to the park before the lines got too long. One of the highlights was screaming Bloody Mary (synonymous to screaming one's head off) on the Indiana Jones ride. We (my dad, my mom, my sister, and I) went with my grandparents and at first thought it was just a walking tour. Then we started to see signs about you must be yay-high to go on the ride, and we were like, ride? What ride? Then before we knew it we were at the back of the line for a roller-coaster style ride. I was freaked out from the get go. I was easily scared as a kid (this is coming from someone who was so freaked by the movie 'Hook' I had to sleep downstairs for years until I conquered the fear of doors with hook-shaped handles, one of which we had upstairs). This ride is a perfect example. I literally did not stop screaming once we were on the ride until it was finished. My mom tried to get me to stop, but couldn't because the ride was so loud and then found it funny and started laughing. Funny for me in retrospect, not so much during. Though it is still a very fond memory. Can't remember getting that freaked out by a ride any other time in my life.  Riding Splash Mountain with my family, grandma included, and having everyone in our log duck as we went down the big hill except me with my eyes wide open staring ahead when the picture was taken was priceless. Still something we chuckle about. Splash Mountain was one of the few rides we revisited multiple times. We were pressed for time with our five day pass, so not everything we did more than once. One of the other rides we rode more than once was the spinning tea cups, those were just pure fun.  Our second to last morning at the park it was just my dad, my mom, my sister, and I and we decided to start doing the getting autographs thing. When we went to a store in the park to get our autograph books and there were two pretty ladies there as well. I started a conversation with them by saying I liked one lady's hat, it was styled after Audrey Hepburn in the movie 'My Fair Lady'. The other lady had braids and beads in her hair. I got both of their autographs before we continued on our way for the day. I got the autograph of the lady with braids and beads in her hair first, she signed 'Alicia Augello-Cook'. I got the autograph of the lady with the 'My Fair Lady' inspired hat second, she signed 'Beyonc\u00e9 Knowles'. I got their autographs and my sister did not (some sibling rivalry here oh yeah). I rubbed it in her face. So the rest of the visit became a competition to see who got more autographs of the Disney characters... That was fun in its own way. Kissing Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum stand out from that mad rush escapade. Alicia Augello-Cook (stage name: Alicia Keys) years later released a song entitled 'No One' through which I learned to open up to love. Finding someone on my visit that would later help me learn how to open up to love. Well. That's priceless.  Overall, I loved Disneyland. Not a bad thing about the visit except me and my sister getting into it at times, but that is just normal us. Oh and churros!!! I loved those way too much when we went. I managed to develop an obsession over six days that still has not abated over 20 years later :).", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My mom work at Disneyland and I would like to work at Disneyland I been to Disneyland loot it was fun", "rating": 5}, {"text": "22 years out of my whole ass life... HOW DID I NOT COME HERE YET? Once my boyfriend knew I havent been to Disneyland yet, we had to go. I remember when I was kid and would watch commercials for Disney always wanting to go but my parents worked way too much. So you can only imagine how happy I was to go with my man. Honestly from how people described it, I imagined Disney to be way more packed ( or we went on a good day), but it was fun and exciting. There was no way of getting bored. So many things to do in one day, my man had me running around like a kid again. lol. Literally the happiest place on earth (= Rides were fun, so many characters walking around, that damn turkey leg, honestly just amazing. There was two things that disappointed me.. the famous castle was under construction ... the second thing is, we had to leave. LOL. Overall, I think this was the best experience I had at an amusement park. I had lost my voice tooo, and still had a crazy amount of fun on the happiest place on Earth with someone that makes me happy as well. Keep it up Disney, youre doing a great job.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am a tourist from China and recently visited Disneyland in California. \u00a0Now visitors have to pass through security checks just like you are at airports. I forgot to empty everything in my pockets and they screened me. \u00a0I was trying to follow the instruction but my English is not very good then a security staff called Cody yelled at me loudly in front of a crowd. \u00a0His attitude is so rude. \u00a0The experience was so bad even before I entered the park. \u00a0Chinese tourists beware.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So we had 4 free tickets to Disney land and we noticed that they had expired a few months back. So we called customer relations and they had informed us that the tickets still had value and all we had to do is just pay the differences. So we take the 2.5 hour drive from San Diego to be told that the tickets had no value and there was nothing they could do unless we payed the $150 for 1 ticket for 4 people. Very disappointed that they told us on the phone it was ok then to be informed otherwise once we got there with bad attitudes towards us.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who could say anything bad about Disney. \u00a0Everyone is happy here! Even the street sweepers are happy. \u00a0Love bringing the family here to share in the Disney Magic. \u00a0Nothing bad to say.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Horrific Guess Information &amp; Ticket Workers!  I called (714) 781-4565 to inquire about the ticket price and parking fee. Jessica answered the phone and started insulting me, argumentative, and disrespectful; she then slammed the phone to terminate my call. Jessica offended me greatly. I called back, Debbie refused to transfer my call to her supervisor to report Jessica's outrageous misconduct. Debbie deliberately transferred my call to Jeff, a Lead. Jeff came to the phone started to provoke me; he demanded that I could only speak to a Lead and prohibited me from speaking to his supervisor; he refused to listen, and hung up on me. They don't like their jobs and passed their misery to guesses. Their hostile customer service displayed to guesses is intolerable. Disneyland is a popular business, but it has a dark side in the customer service division!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place give me the best memories ever, I have a lot of fun there with my friends, everything feel so good, i got to relax my mind there.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Writing this review based on my experience with 1 cast member in the entire park. She was horrible and ruined my whole day. Im walking with my kid in a stroller so Obviously im going to try and go up the ramps on the sidewalk. There was 5 or so cast members gathered around the top of the ramp talking so I said excuse me and headed towards them to go up. All but 1 girl moved and she told me I could go around. I told her that I have a stroller, which was obvious, and asked her again to move as she was blocking the ramp. She then started to back talk to me and caught herself. As I walked by she said that I could have gone around and she wasn't blocking the whole ramp. I said trust me, If you weren't blocking the ramp I wouldn't have asked you to move.  I hope one of the cast members that was there complained about this and she was fired because this kind of employee can ruin someones whole day with 1 comment. I should have asked to speak to her supervisor but I was too heated in the moment and was just trying to brush it off.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We took our daughter to the Disney Theme Parks for her 5th birthday.   We bought a 4-day pass and spent 3 days at Disneyland and 1 day at Disney California Adventures.  She liked Dumbo the Flying Elephant, It's a Small World, Jungle Cruise, King Arthur's Carousel, Mad Tea Party, Mark Twain's Riverboat, Storybook Land Canal Boats, and Meet Disney Princess at the Royal Hall.  I liked Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, Disney Monorail, Disneyland Railroad, Haunted Mansion, Pirates of the Caribbean, Star Tours - The Adventure Continues, and Galaxy's Edge.   For lunch, we ate at Galactic Grill in Tomorrowland (try the fried chicken sandwich) and Pluto's Dog House (try the foot-long).  I highly recommend downloading the Disneyland App. It's super helpful for both Tickets and Fastpass. Check out the drop-down menu on the map not just for the attractions but restrooms, characters, etc.  We look forward to future visits!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love love love Disneyland. It's a magical place, appropriate for all ages. People complain about the price but personally I believe it's so worth it. I do have the advantage of being an annual pass holder (cheapest one offered), so I go every chance I get. Holidays (Christmas specifically), is my favorite time. The lights, parades- it doesn't get any better!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH. nuff said.   haha in all honesty, I'm writing this review after being an annual passholder for the past year! Sadly, my pass has expired and I moved back to Kansas City, so renewing would not be worth it. Despite this, I realized that I've never reviewed my favorite place in the world! So here it goes, my first review for 2019!  The thing that makes Disneyland a place that I keep coming back to (94 times of both parks combined to be exact since August 2017) is that upon entering the park (haha after the hustle and bustle of parking and taking the shuttle to the park), you give up your \"adulting card\" to the admissions person and then you magically \"don mickey/minnie ears\" that grant you permission to be the 8 year old kid in the inside taking you back to when you still believed in flying elephants and fairytale princess endings.   Before I end up writing a novel...literally, I'd like to share highlights of what keeps me coming back for more disney over and over again:  Favorite Food: Fried chicken and rice with gravy (haha I always tell them to switch out my mashed potatoes with rice instead!) at the Plaza Inn! Best bang for your buck for the meal both in price and taste!  Favorite Snack: CHURROS!!!! The OG original flavor cinnamon and sugar churros are hands down the best churros I've ever had. I love how they also have seasonal flavors as well!  Favorite Ride: GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY HANDS DOWN! Exhilarating and keeps the experience fresh with 6 different songs that will randomly play when you ride this drop scare ride! Depending on the song, it changes the sequence of drops and GOTG scenes that you will see while screaming all the way to the top and to the bottom! Also it has the best inline waiting queue theme!  Favorite Activity: Animation Academy! I love learning how to draw various disney characters! Check their schedule daily to get a heads up on which time you should show up to draw your favorite characters! My favorite ones that I've drawn so far are Jack Skellington, Sally, Baymax, and Dante!  Favorite Season/Holiday at Disney: Ahhhh so hard. It's a toss up between Halloween and Christmas! They're both SO AWESOME in their own right!  The only downside that I can think of is that sadly they raised the prices of tickets and annual passes again, most likely due to the opening of Star Wars Land (Galaxy's Edge) this upcoming summer.   Anywho, bottomline, Disneyland is a place where I don't get any judging eyes that I would typically get when holding hands with fiance (Disneyland is such an accepting place for the LGBT community) or when I'm dressed to the nines with my disney attire (never low-key, always flamboyantly fabulous!).   Thank you for existing Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland! The last time I went to Disneyland was 5-6 years ago. I remember that the clam chowder bread was SOO GOOD! I wish I went on the Hollywood Tower of Terror before it was gone. haha anyways, I often go to Downtown Disney and I love going to Downtown Disney as well. I hope I have enough money to go to Disneyland someday.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am a lifer So Cal man from the area and have not been to Disneyland Parks for 11 yrs now due to the extremely over priced tickets and the over packed/crowded parks. What has happened here the prices are continuesly rising and the majority of visiters are foreign.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is a reflection of my last visit/experience and over all visits that have been taken place recently:  me and my friend made our usually weekly visit on Thursday, August 18th, 2016 and \u00a0wanted to take a picture with Eeyore the character and I asked a cast member named Deandra from Whittier \u00a0\"is this the line for Eeyore?\" And she gave us a dirty look and said \"what do you mean?\" And I asked again and she said \"it's for all the characters\" --then me and my friend were having a private conversation about Tigger and I was telling my friend that my cousin used to be a character/ Tiger in the past (mind you- there were no kids in our immediate area) the cast member, Deandra was 10 feet away from us and she then walked up to us and said \"can you please watch your conversation, there's kids around\" and I asked her what we said that was so wrong and she said the fact that I am talking about a cast member friend who was a character that is not meant for kids to hear and she was just really aggressive and hostile in her demeanor like she had it out for us. I then told her that she was being really rude, and I was going to make a formal complaint about her and she then verbally directed me where to go to make a compliant in a condescending manner. It honestly felt like we were being attacked/picked on, and she was raising her voice to us as well. Me and my friend were so shaken up about the way we were confronted in such a unnecessary hostile manner that we got out of line and went straight to city hall to report this. Over all I feel that the magic of the cast members friendly, welcoming attitudes has diminished upon recent years and therefore making us Loyal, frequent, annual pass holders feel less valued. At times we feel like we are a nuisance. Especially when we say hello and smile to certain cast members and they ignore the greeting as if we never said hello.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Funn!! For all my friends and family. I love the parades and all the nice interacting characters.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "YOOOO! Check those crowd calendars and if you have any friends or loved ones who are cast members, ask them how the crowds are.   We were absolutely BLESSED to go at a time that wasn't crowded. Everyone was distracted by Galaxy's Edge that the rest of the park wasn't too crowded.   No ride or character meeting took us longer than 20 minutes to line up for. We got 7 Fast Passes in one day. We got to meet Winnie the Pooh, Tigger, Captain Jack Sparrow, Donald Duck, Mickey Mouse, Tinker Bell, and the lines for the other characters were never super long looking either.   I have never had such a good experience as that day.   Also get the app if you can, it can give you ball park estimates for the rides and you can order food ahead of time!   A super fun and magical experience.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I want to start out by saying that we love Disneyland. \u00a0We have season passes and we use them any chance we get. \u00a0My issue is the staff. \u00a0So here's my story. \u00a0Last year my step daughter went to Disneyland with their dead beat dad. \u00a0He had asked us if he can use the kids pass and we said absolutely NO. \u00a0It's time he actually spends money on her. \u00a0It was her B day so that's the only reason he took her. \u00a0So this dead beat goes to the ticket booth and says that he lost her daughters pass. \u00a0Without any type of screening they gave him a new pass for her. \u00a0To me that's illegal. \u00a0When we found out we called Disneyland and they basically said have a big one. \u00a0There was nothing they can do. \u00a0Are you serious? \u00a0They gave out client information to another person that's not on the account. \u00a0  So forward everything til today. \u00a0We had a fraudulent charge on our bank account so the card on file was no good. \u00a0My wife called today to give them the new card for them to run to make our account current. \u00a0The guy on the phone asked my wife all these questions regarding our account which obviously my wife answered correctly. \u00a0Then he told her that he cannot speak to her because she wasn't on the account. \u00a0I find that hard to believe since she has a pass also. \u00a0She was just calling to give them money and they won't accept payment. \u00a0  So they will allow anyone to get a replacement card but won't let your spouse call in to give them a replacement credit card. \u00a0To me that is unacceptable. \u00a0Oh, forgot to tell you that I had to pay to get our pass back. \u00a0We were beyond mad but what can you do it's Disneyland. \u00a0The happiest place on earth. \u00a0Seeing the smiles on our kids faces really makes it a magical place. \u00a0I just wish the staff who runs the ticketing would re-evaluate their process and rules.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "OVER PRICED OVER RATED PLACE there was so many people we had no more room to walk how is that fair they should have a limit To how many people could visit per day so everyone gets a chance to enjoy everything without being in a rush or hury", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family visits the park every year and most years we all get an annual pass. We love to come in October or November. This visit was the worse visit we have ever had. The employees were rude and misinformed. The park was dirty, especially the bathrooms. Transportation within the park and outside the park were either not running or extremely late. The parking options are inconvenient for the handicap. Rides would shut down and not posted or updated on App. Extremely disappointed!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Lol overpriced piece of shit. Nothing but annoying kids all day. Long ass line. Long wait. Expensive food and it doesnt even taste that great lol. If you wanna get tired, exhausted, sun burned well then come to the \"happiest place on earth!\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I was there about 4 months ago. It was a Sunday. The coolest rides were broken and the lines were extra ridiculous.  First time goer bf was not too happy that I dragged him out there.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Shame on Disney for turning into just another money grabbing venture. This was our first trip back in 4 years as we were season pass holders for a couple of years when the monthly payment was reasonable, we decided to take the kids now that they are 6 and 9 and been wanting to go, the first issue was the parking at 25.00 which should be applied to ticket purchase, I have handicapped plates and have never had an issue with parking before, this time they had me follow everyone else up to the fourth level, when I asked about special parking the lady told me aisle 4, however there was no parking and there were 0 cars with handicapped in that aisle so we had to re enter the parking carousel to go back again this time the lady tells us aisle 10 again and we told her there is no parking and she tells us we didn't drive far enough, meanwhile we parked and had a long walk, we decided to get the one day park hopper tier 5 and spending 820.00 for 2 adults and 2 children knowing it would probably be busy in hopes that the tier pricing might keep people away, WRONG! We managed 2 rides and an hour long lunch line at California Adventure and then decided to try Disneyland. Kids wanted Mickey hats and one baseball cap and Minnie Ears was 60.00 and I promised the kids I would get them if they behaved, shame on me. Absolutely insane that the souvenirs have nearly doubled in price and poor quality, the snacks were grossly overpriced, the only positive is we were able to bring in snacks, water and juice saving me money. Only able to do three rides at Disneyland and the topper was Indiana Jones broke down in the middle of the ride and we had to be escorted off the attraction, they offered us fast passes to return later in which I passed on. Overcrowded and everyone walking with eyes glued to cell phones which made for major traffic delays. Shame on Disney gouging the hard working families with tiered pricing and high prices for everything in the park. They sold out the public for their own money grab, I will not be returning anytime soon.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disney. We have season passes and we arent even from California. Its a magical place, your experience depends on your mood and attitude you have when entering the park. Come prepare to wait and have patience. I love Disney, forever will.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland Park is truly a magical place. The rides are fantastic, the imagination is invigorating, and happy memories are made everywhere. I truly believe Disneyland is great and appropriate for almost any occasion: birthdays, college acceptances, job offers, visits from family/friends abroad, etc. My favorite rides are 'Pirates of the Carribean' because of the world-building, and 'its a small world' because of its meaningful message. Check the Disney website for parade schedule (everyday) and fireworks (often but not everyday) as well as other events you may be interested in. Yes, Disneyland Park is temporarily closed at the time of this review (4/4/20) in the interest of guest safety during COVID-19; however the magic will be back!! :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This review is about Earl who's a manager that oversees the ticket window area. I had an issue with one of my tickets and to make a long story short, Earl stepped in and completely saved the day. His attitude was great and it was nothing short of professional throughout the process. Thanks again Earl from me and my family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Rip off Foods expensive lines are minimum 1 hour long you get into arguments with someone you get arrested and taken to jail worst decision to go to Disneyland Instead of calming people down they will sent you to police right away remember people die in this place but they hide it with the news saying they died outside of Disneyland take my words they don't appreciate you people who works there is super rude never coming back here again", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We went there a day after Christmas and it was unbelievably crowded. To get into any ride or just anywhere we had to stand for two hours. That was not end of it...the fireworks also got cancelled after waiting for it in that extremely crowded area for almost 2 hours. Just make sure you pick the right date to visit disneyland. Wasn't a pleasant day for us :/", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is not even fun anymore, there is just way to many people to enjoy ones self. \u00a0Every ride is about a 2-hour wait, you are consistently being bumped into by people without apology, and prices on food/merchandise within the park is ridiculously overpriced.  Something needs to be done about the overcrowding because paying $99 for a ticket of entry to where you are going to spend 95% of your time waiting in a line is outrageous.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ah yes, the magical kingdom of Disneyland. \u00a0I have to say that I had been several times as a child, but going as a husband and father makes the experience a whole lot richer. \u00a0Young or old, short or tall, nothing makes you feel more young at heart than watching the joy on your kids faces as they meander through Disneyland with all its sights and sounds. \u00a0From the moment you enter the park, the sound of the train and the stroll down main street bring a feeling of nostalgia and youthfulness that few places on earth can bring. \u00a0By far, one of my favorite places on earth, regardless of the price hikes or crazy parking. \u00a0Disneyland will always hold a special place with me and my family. \u00a0By the way, Just want to give a shout out to Mr. Cheesy Pop! \u00a0Thanks for all the great Disneyland foodie advice as it is always a great help when visiting both parks. \u00a0Check him out on YouTube for all you Disneyland fanatics.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So much fun! Disneyland is horribly overpriced but it's a wonderful place full of so many childhood memories and is fun for children and adults alike. The tickets are horrendously expensive--let's get that out of the way.  However, each park is full of such fun rides and your favorite characters in life-size form. If you buy the $15 pass per person it's really worth it to add yourself in line while you're waiting for other rides. There's a lot that you can do in Disney for free, including picture opportunities and rides. You will wait for a long time, but there/s tons to see and entertain yourself with in the meantime while you go.  Would recommend Disneyland to anyone visiting and anyone local!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It was a amazing experience for my 5 year old daughter. Its a lot better then when I came here 15 years ago. Lines are a lot faster and the park seems to have a lot more stuff. Look forward to coming back here in the future and look forward to coming back here to California adventures.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am so disappointed that I am going to Disneyland in February and Splash Mountain is going to be closed AGAIN. I have been to Disneyland twice and it has been closed both times, now its scheduled to be closed this time too. I have been dying to ride that ride and yet again will not have the chance. REALLY REALLY UPSET ABOUT THIS!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My favorite and number one vacation spot ever! No politics, no religion, no judgements! A great place if you don't mind the crowds and sometimes waiting in lines for great rides. \u00a0  \u00a0**Make sure that you take advantage of the multiple blogs and forums out there that discuss best (and worst) times of the year to visit that best suit your needs. If you're looking to stay from early morning till midnight, that's probably during the busy seasons and if you want less crowds you'll probably prefer the \"off\" seasons, but that means park closes much earlier.  \u00a0I'm always impressed how Disney operates and keeps everything flowing and functioning and really prioritises their guests! Their hospitality is superb to alternative vacation resorts. \u00a0As safety is a high priority for Disney, expect to wait in longer lines (during the early/opening hours of the parks operating hours) for security check through. \u00a0Of course, one way to get through security quicker is to look for the one checkpoint stating \"No bags or purses and not have any bags, purses or fanny packs.  \u00a0We bought a 3-day \"Park Hopper\" pass ( this allows you to visit both DLR and DCA on the same days) and were able to ride every ride (during our vacation) also taking advantage of Fastpasses and being able to use a park hopper when one park gets too busy. Also, wear very comfortable shoes and if it's hot, comfortable summer clothes as well! \u00a0*We tracked about 40,000+ (each) steps per day according to my Fitbit.  \u00a0I have no complaints about the parks operations, but anticipate the higher prices of foods and gifts inside the parks. And my only gripe about the parks guests are the local school field trip classes that visit (generally excessive at end of May/beginning of June) and gum up the lines (lines will generally triple in wait times) and tend to be oblivious and cluster in groups in the middle of busy thoroways. The field trip groups tend to also behave differently than standard vacationing guests, as the school groups can be very belligerent, loud and obnoxious.   \u00a0Other than that, DLR &amp; DCA are fantastic and safe places to bring your family, especially kids! I will always return to Disneyland several times a year, knowing that we will have a fun vacation!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Don't go, we went on a Wednesday and everything more expensive, more crowded....and same rides. The water by main castle looked and smelled dirty. Their gardens need more attention; they are not what they used to 10 years ago.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is the best place on earth to create memories. Memories that will last your entire life. Memories with your parents, grandparents, children, friends or your wife/husband. Memories you will cherish. Memories that play out like a scene in a movie. Epic memories. Cast members do everything to make you feel like you're a star in this movie. That you and your family are stars. That you and your loved ones are stars.   The food here tastes like magic.  Maybe because it's made with the magic of love?  Disneyland is unmatched.   444483838383 stars to you!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Our experience was absolutely horrible. It was overcrowded, we could not even ride any of the rides. We waited for two and a half hours for one ride and then it was delayed for an unknown amount of time. We didn't get to ride any of the rides because it was over an hour and a half for any ride. We were on a family vacation and not only did we waste most of the day we spent an outrageous amount of money to get in. We will never be back. Don't waste your time. Universal studios is more fun and better priced and overall a better theme park for the whole family.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The first time I went to Disneyland I was 12 years old and it was 1955. \u00a0 Yesterday ended my state of blind euphoria regarding what no longer vaguely resembles the original Disney vision of charm and fantasy.  Back in '55, you could park in the lot where now sits \"California Adventure\" and trams would take you up to the front gate. \u00a0Now you are required to pay an exorbitant amount of money to park your car, walk what can sometimes be several hundred yards to a bus, ride the bus to a drop off point, and then walk several hundred more yards to the front gate. \u00a0If you are a senior, have kids and strollers, or are handicapped, you are already pretty tired and you aren't even inside the park yet.  Now you get to pay around $100 for each person in your party just to get in. \u00a0That money entitles you to try to move around and nothing more. \u00a0I say \"try\" because the place is packed from opening to closing with no apparent limitations on how many people they jam into the place. \u00a0They sell as many tickets as they can with never a thought about whether or not people will get their money's worth. \u00a0In 1955 you paid a nominal fee to enter, bought a ticket book for around $10.00 and had time to get on 15 to 20 rides before it was time for dinner and fireworks. \u00a0Now you pay that $100 at the gate and don't need the ticket book. \u00a0That sounds reasonable until you realize that if you arrive when they open and stay till they close you will stand in line for an average of 8 hours to get on a total of four of the more popular rides, and have time for nothing else except food, which is outrageously priced, and going to the bathroom which also requires waiting in 20 minute lines. \u00a0You might think we picked a peak day and or time to go...... \u00a0not so!!! \u00a0It was a Thursday, it was not a holiday, and it was not Summer vacation time. \u00a0I can't imagine the extent of misery that would be offered in the name of \"entertainment\" on any Saturday, in the summertime, or (horror of horrors) the 4th of July !!!  If I were to try to address every example of how greed has taken over the Disney experience, I would need a 3-part novel to get it done.... \u00a0you get the idea, so let's just skip to the end....  Time to go home. \u00a0After an incredibly taxing day you are now required to trudge as much as a quarter mile to get on that bus again. BUT WAIT !!! \u00a0There's another 30 minute line just to get on the bus!!! \u00a010 minutes after finally boarding, you mercifully arrive at the parking lot and now have to retrace those several hundred yards to your car... (now where the heck IS that thing???)   Trust me folks, this is NOT what Walt Disney had in mind. \u00a0If he could see what they've done to his dream, he'd roll over in his grave.  One final note: \u00a0This place is NOT senior friendly. \u00a0I am now 75 years old, and although I could run around this park for two days when I was 12, I could barely hobble around it for 8 hours yesterday while dodging people, strollers, electric carts, and standing in claustrophobic lines for hours. \u00a0By the time I was faced with that last quarter mile walk and 30 minute line for the final bus, I was, QUITE LITERALLY, \u00a0not sure I was going to survive the day.  If you have fond childhood memories, as I do, of the \"magic kingdom\", \u00a0don't destroy them as I did by going back now.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love the new fast pass max feature! Get to request fast passes right from your Disney app.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Wow Disneyland well First Review From Me. Disney team member was very helpful since all of the annual passholder she help me out knowing more about annual passholders and pins collection + Trading Pins Wow Last Night I Heard About it dang worth Buying Pins And Can't Wait To Do A First Trade pin in the Future. Towards the end of the night when Disneyland was Getting Ready Too Close Up For the Night And WOW \u00a0Short Line Are the Best And 4th time Been There I Did More attraction ride last night. Then the other three days I visited Disneyland. One of the security guards at Disneyland was super amazing and Very Helpful And some really good photos of the Disney castle last night with me. Thanks for the Amazing Photos. Fireworks were epic and a sweet spot I got Front row tickets and behind the Scene. Thanks to the bear caf\u00e9 sorry if I ggot it wrong but yeah I love the balcony and the great view. Probably the longest yelp review ever done in my life right now. Also they need more chairs on the outskirts on the show running. oh dang I forgot to say something about the Annual passholder. They need to make the pass is waterproof but thank God they're very nice to replace it for me after was smug.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The food quality thru out both park is horrible. Junk food everywhere including downtown Disney. Healthy food crave is a new trend and the Them Park has simply fallen behind. Highly recommend you bring ur own food and drinks.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'm giving them a low rating because of their staff. I have been going to Disneyland for over 40 years and I'm sad to say that I will never go back. The rides were good but the people who run the day to day operations were always agitated, some were yelling at kids, some were rude and many came across as indifferent. I'll spare you the epic read and get right down to the point.   Employees should learn to say \"Please and Thank You\". I understand that there are stresses to the day and sometimes you have to raise your voice to manage a large crowd BUT you should always be polite.   My sister fell while in the park. She fell in front of 2 employees and neither asked, \"are you OK?\" This happened at the end of Main St. at a Popcorn Cart. She was shocked from the fall, but even more shocked when neither employee said nothing. Luckily, I knew where the Disney hospital was, but it seems that the employees would have walked over to at least give directions to the D'land hospital. They said absolutely NOTHING.   Lighting is bad at night--I have 20/20 vision--and the employees don't help with directing traffic. Everywhere in the park the lighting is really dim and the signage/directions isn't visible. To make matters worse, the employees congregate and chat while people are trying to make their way through the park. My sister and I were on our way to the haunted mansion and there was a parade or show of some sort that required employees to direct traffic. I passed 7 employees congregating and complaining about their day. It was really unhelpful to guiding traffic and only showed their lack of concern for their people or their job.   Employees yell at people who walk slowly to take pictures. This was an ongoing issue all day. Many employees were shouting at people in line who were taking pictures--while moving. It was ridiculous. I can understand if there were huge gaps in the queue, but there weren't. I feel bad for the kids who have to experience this all day.   Helpful tips for Disneyland (if you actually read this)  --Train your employees on how to be polite. Please, thank you, etc... Don't assume that the people you hire know how to interact with the public. Apparently most of your employees don't have those skills.  --Pay your employees a good wage. I have many friends who have/still work for Disneyland. You have cut benefits, fired an entire marching band for younger/cheeper wage musicians and consistently promote work policies that keep your wage costs down. YET, you have raised your prices, charge more for parking--mine was $48 for the day.  --Work towards making your employees happy and require they give their best in return.   --Make your employees aware of how hard people work to just go on a vacation. Many people fly from all over to be in the park. They spend thousands of dollars to let their kids have a special experience. Teach your employees to be cognizant of other people and what it takes to just be there for one day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I would rate Disneyland five stars, both parks were maintain to the utmost. There would always be someone going around cleaning and maintaining the parks sanitation. It is an all around park for children and parents. There is always something to do as an adult or a child. \u00a0All the good reviews lived up to their expectations. As a first timer I was not expecting the great service. They make you feel like home with the generosity. Before entering the park you go through security and they try to make it as quick as possible while promoting safety. During my time in California Adventure the lines were long but bearable. I would recommend when standing in line have a game or two where you and your group may play to past the time. Although there is another option a fast pass. The fast pass is where you insert your park ticket where you receive a ticket stud on a time to come back. This time on the ticket is the time you may come back to that ride and skip through that long line. You are offered a one hour period on which you can come back within that hour you may use your fastpass. If you fail to come within that hour you lose up on that fast pass. Now if your thinking you can get more than one fastpass, let me tell you that is not the case. You are allowed one fastpass at a time. After the one you have is used or the time is up you may get another fastpass. The food there was great, although it was a bit pricey. I would advise you if you do not want to spend more money to pack snacks. You may bring in snacks as long as they are sealed, also if you plan on bringing water they can not be open prior entering the park. \u00a0The rides at California Adventure were very fun. The one that took the crown in my opinion would be the Incredicoaster. This ride was very fast while having the Incredibles throughout the ride. You are Dash trying to catch you baby brother Jack Jack. They have you shooting out fast at the start while making a loop. This ride was hands down the one to go on before it starts getting crowded. The next big ride I love and recommend you get on is Radiator Springs Races. It may not seem it is going fast but it is. It is a friendly competition for you and others to do. When I visited Disneyland I was amazed on how much was going on. The concept in the same as California Adventure when it comes to the fastpass and the wait in lines. When it comes to the rides it is a whole other story. I recommend you get on Space Mountain. This ride in my opinion was the best to go on. The ride starts off going up to space while giving you the illusion you are turning. Then you take off immediately going really fast in the dark while music plays in the background. At both parks many of the rides take pictures of your reaction. You may if you choose to take a picture of you reaction and save it for safe keepings. The last thing to do is watch sleeping Beauty's castle light up the night. I highly recommend arriving early if you want good seats upfront. \u00a0When you had your fill of Disneyland you can walk around and look at all the different shops they have, they also have shops in Downtown Disney. You may find some interesting things. I myself decided to take part on the pin collecting. You collect various pins and can put them on a jacket or lanyard. As a bonus you may trade with Disney employees if you see one you want. Although you must ask for their permission on which pins to trade. I would highly recommend Disneyland for anyone who is hesitate on going.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Awful outdated rides! I have bruises on my back! Too crowded! Trashy visitors (The guy who wore a t-shirt saying 'I pooped today' was a good representation of the general audience.) Boring park. Some rides were even closed. If you have to choose one theme park in LA make it Universal Studios!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "$140 for a historical theme park with all the half broken antique rides? I donno if it's just me that I feel it's the most rip-off ever.   Disneyland LA is like a time capsule, if you are born in the 50s to 70s, this is such a great place to go to remind you your childhood because whatever rides you rode when you were 5 are still there. This place is like a historical site that never changes a bit. But if you are born after the 90s, You prolly can't find any rides that resonate any recent Disney movies that you watched, such as frozen, mulan, you name it. This place has been taking pure profits with no new attractions and new rides for the past 20+ years but keep increasing their ticket price, I guess maintaining all the half broken antiques does need money.   Half of the dolls in the \"it's a small world\" ride are broken or malfunction like they have strokes. They look like chucky and his brides to me, I almost got confused that the movie chucky belongs to Disney when I did that ride.  Compare to the universal studio with all the brand new 4D rides and new ride each year, it's a day and night. It puts Disneyland to shame. Unless it's a field trip to show my kids my childhood, I better take them to a modern theme park.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always fun when I go with friends or family  It distracts me, happiest place on earth lol", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Hands down the best theme park I've ever been to. I've had so many great memories going here over the years that I can't even keep track. The rides are unique and iconic, the cast members are very nice, and everything there is just so beautiful. The only downside is how much everything costs. However, if you get an annual pass and you go often, it's definitely a great deal.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's such a awesome place to come relax for the biggest Disney fans! I'm a huge Disney fan my self and I go here every day!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I wish I could give them 0 stars, but I can't. \u00a0The facility is outdated and decrepit, as evident by the outage and multiple breakdowns that occurred on 12/27/2017. \u00a0Most all rides we went to were broken down. \u00a0Unbelievable! \u00a0 Many went \u00a0down after we had been waiting in line. \u00a0The FastPass lines were even bad due to this. \u00a0I even got stuck in the parking garage coming into the park when the ticket machine in my line broke down, and we held up the line for about 7 minutes while the clerk worked on the problem. \u00a0The overcrowding was beyond belief - you could not walk through many areas of the park. \u00a0Why they let so many people inside is beyond common sense for public safety, and at a minimum, the guest's well being. \u00a0And Disney has the guts to say they were not offering refunds or any adjustments for their customers. \u00a0 Save your money and time and go to another park, like Six Flags or Knotts. \u00a0You will have a way better experience for less than 1/2 the price. \u00a0Disney does have great entertainment and effects, but why would you want to support a company that CLEARLY does not care about it's customers and is smug enough to brag about screwing them? \u00a0BTW, Six Flags Magic Mountain loves their customers and treats them accordingly...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My favorite place, a magical wonderland. Go early and enjoy the whole day. Variety of entertainment. Variety of food and delicious treats.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Really bad experience too crowded couldn't do anything without being in more than 1 hr wait !!!! Can't even meet Anna and Elsa need special reservations!!! Yes it's way too expensive to not be able to do nothing!!! Its not the same anymore!!!! Need to build a new park so people can divide them selves and not all come to Disneyland or California adventure I know there is DisneyWorld we need two Disneylands......so sad we couldn't do much. By the way I visited on Christmas season. Yet that shouldn't be an excuse for it being too crowded there should be a limit on the people they let in!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Another amazing day! With the SoCal pass and fast track we where able to ride Every ride in one day! No lines no hassle just a day of fun with my daughter! We did stay at the Grand Legacy across the street to test our body, would not stay here again. Over priced and they offer Absolutely nothing", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Decided to spend my 1 day off at Disneyland after being a premium season pass holders for 2 years I don't think I'll renew again! \u00a0Reason being went to Starbucks in the park went straight over to buzz lightyear, no where did it say no drinks, Or did they warn us of no drinks. \u00a0 Everybody knows that line moves fast got up to the front and CASEY \u00a0working the 2 o'clock shift was extremely rude. \u00a0All over some drinks it's fine to tell us to throw our drinks away, but not in a Rudely matter. We also paid for our drinks w /our hard earned cash that we didn't get to finish. \u00a0No body seems happy to be working for Disney anymore. Extremely disappointed in how the park is turning out. \u00a0I'll be sure to share my experience w/ everybody I come across and being a hairdresser I see about 15 people a day 6 days a week and the majority of my clients in la are from Disney!! Thanks again Disney for a not so wonderful day off!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The most amazing place on the planet and a home away from home. \u00a0Disneyland will forever be my second home.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney Disney Disney! I LOVE Disneyland. Every time I visit, I'm like a child all over again (or its just naturally me being all happy and giddy). I would get a season pass if 1. I could afford it. And 2. If I lived in SoCal. My visits here are always a magical time. I came here on Memorial Day weekend, which was actually not as crowded because Star Wars Land did not open up yet! So I say we came on a great weekend and avoided the crowds.   The lines are not that long. I have never waited in line longer than an an hour. Take advantage of the FAST passes! It saves time for you on the popular rides like Indiana Jones, Hyperspace Mountain, Matterhorn?! Seriously, save some time - it might take some extra walking but you're in Disneyland. You want to walk around, see the sights, smell the churros, and try to find the characters. Its not normal to take less than 30,000 steps if you are coming here!   The staff members always seem happy, whether they are working in the shops, or at the churro stands. Whether they run the rides, or hold the balloons. I also enjoyed all the shows, the parade, the fireworks, and the Fantasmic show (this was my first time watching Mickey's Fantasmic).   One thing in particular that I enjoyed this trip: We got a FAST pass for 3PM for Indian Jones around noon. So we waited quite a bit to ride it. We were super excited when we finally were able to come through. The ride was going smoothly and we were pretty much almost done with the ride (like the last 5 seconds, I swear) but then it stopped. It stopped working, not sure what happened but it kind of ruined the \"experience\". However, as our car arrived at the front again - my entire crew asked if we could go one more time. And they allowed it no problem! It was awesome and super accommodating.   I'm coming back in December to finally see the Christmas decorations which I have never seen before so I'm really excited!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "At Disneyland / California Adventure today, Oct. 20, 2016, with our grandson for his birthday. \u00a0A tradition with us for the 8th birthday. \u00a0Bought annual passports for the first time ever. \u00a0WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT. \u00a0DISNEY HAS CERTAINLY FALLEN. \u00a0Got fast passes for Radiator Springs Racers at 11:00 AM for 6:00 PM... Really? \u00a0First ride, to close while we were in line was Big Thunder Mountain. \u00a0Then, when we arrived at Goofy's Sky School in CA Adv. \u00a0It closed down without explanation, no re-start time..... \u00a0then, after waiting more than 30 minutes for Grizzly Flats River Ride it STOPPED. \u00a0Waited for more than 30 minutes in line for it to re-start. \u00a0Disney what is wrong? \u00a0Why can't you guys get it together? \u00a0More importantly, why can't you deliver a better experience for the most expensive ticket in So Cal?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The fast pass is the worst idea Disneyland could ever come up with ! \u00a0they allow 15 to 1egular line. They don't mqnage it correctly. \u00a0they should let everyone go in evenly. I will never come back here.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Shame on Disneyland on the way our military is treated . There are no military discounts on food or buy concessions.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The new parking situation with shuttle busses is a complete mess. I wasted at least an hour of my day trip to the park just waiting on a shuttle to and from the park. Why? I have no idea as there were plenty of buses and plenty of employees standing around clueless while lines just grew. By the way-parking is still $20!!!! Disney is fast losing their magic. Extra points to the rude driver who shouted to keep moving to the back of the bus. What did I just pay for???", "rating": 1}, {"text": "First let me start off by saying I absolutely love Disneyland since I was a child. Visited the park over 300 times and even worked there, so I understand the high expectations of customer service. This last time left me so upset and furious. This was my son's 2nd Birthday celebration and upon arrive at the entry gate I handed the Cast Member the admission ticket and took it upon myself to open the half open entry gate to let my son in the stroller, to only be rudely slammed in his face with no response/warning/reason. Which was so offensive, I would have expected them to say excuse me Sir, please wait until we open the gate or give an explanation for the behavior. I was so disgusted by this and really ruined the day from the start.  Please let me know what can be done. Can the cast member be looked up by my ticket so appropriate action can be taken?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Very disappointed with Disneyland. \u00a0We came here, in part, to celebrate our engagement and check off a bucket list item (disneyland during the holiday season) and we ended up spending the whole time standing in line just to be told the ride was experiencing \"technical difficulties\" and would be shut down for an unknown amount of time and directed to the exit door. \u00a0If I wanted to spend $100+ to stand in line I would have gone to the dmv.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Wait in line to park. Wait in line to get to the park. Wait in line to pay $668.00 for four. Wait in line to get in. Waited in line an average of two hours to get on a ride. Wait in line to eat. Waited two hours and fifteen minutes for Splash Mountain only to be told, you can wait but the ride is broken and will not be open rest of the day. Then wait for what? Wait in line to leave the park. Wait in line for the ride to get to your car. Wait in line to leave the parking garage. Wait, this is the happiest place on earth?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland really has that Disney Magic everyone talks about!! Great customer service, fun rides for all ages, shows, dancing, music and of course GREAT food for a theme park!! People say its expensive but you pay for what you get &amp; it worth it!! If you have a day free go hang out with your family at Disneyland and you all will have a blast!! Have season passes?? Great... just go to watch the parade or grab a turkey leg!! Weather it's an hour or two or all day, you will have so much fun!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is my FAVORITE place on planet earth. I am the biggest Disney fan ever and I am so happy to give this a five star review. If you ever have the time please go to Disneyland. It is the happiest, most amazing and greatest place on earth. There are no words to describe how amazing it is.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland!!!! Keep up the amazing work cast members! From the adult beverages to having a great time in the different lands. \u00a0Of course a 10/10 experience every time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Everything is magical. The rides, attractions, food, character experiences. It's like a dream vacation 10 minutes away.   If you enjoy lines; maybe find more interesting people to stand in them with. If you don't like the food; maybe pack some of your own gourmet meals. And if you can't stand the prices; Knott's is right around the corner. We don't want your negativity. Get out of here. Go on.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Not spending a dime at public place where they discriminate on four legged pet/family member, a service dog is no different from our pet , they both are trained and will go to the bathroom when needed. Sad to see there's still places like this where our four legged friends are not ALLOWED! STOP DISCRIMINATING", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Out of all the times my boyfriend and I go to Disneyland, today was the worse. Talk about how security was really rough with our belongings. They also threw our bags and the lady who was handling the trays threw that at us too. Usually, they are super polite and friendly to where you're comfortable but I got attitude straight off the bat. That wasn't even the beginning, once we got into Disneyland everyone else had an attitude. From Carnation cafe to star wards land. We had simple questions to ask to see if we needed a reservation for Oga's cantina and the lady basically yelled at us saying we needed reservations. Look, we both get it. But don't f'n yell at us when it's a simple question like that.   Carnation cafe was okay. Basically an upscale in-n-out burger.   Look, we both work in the food service and we deal with people everyday but that doesn't give them the right to give us attitude. Especially how we're paying +$1000 for our annual passes.   Sticks up there asses or what not, but come on you guys.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The evil queen cast from snoq white needs to be more friend and not judging or gove out attitude to little girls. So horrible this is supposed to be the happiest place on earth. \u00a0Not a place qjwre u act like a b*tch to little girls. Zero star", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Don't know how this place got almost 5 stars but this place is a rip off and a money making machine everything is so expensive F \u20ac%=\u20ac\u20ac rediculous, and accourse we all know that is very expensive, and we for once in a life time we have to see disneyland at least once, but instead of the happiest place on earth, is more like we making the owners happy.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Experience was horrible, traveled a great distance with my children and left full of disappointment! Reach d out to guest services after spending hundreds of dollars to experience shut down rides not one character experience! I was offered a autograph picture! I am very disappointed! We will not be returning..", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ummm... Mickey Mouse... need I say more! Seriously though, as an adult who had never visited before my experience was magical. Make sure you plan ahead and 1 days is NOT enough if you can stay longer I highly suggest it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What can I say? It really is the happiest place on Earth! The firework show just tops it off at the end of the day! We've been in winter, Halloween and spring - we don't go for summer / too hot and crowded!   We love that they have parent switch pass for our older son, for rides our toddler can't go on....and when Ethan was a baby we could take him on every ride our 4yr old could go on, as long as he was strapped in his carrier!   Character dinners are a must experience! They have such fun food spots in downtown Disney, but we really like the restaurant inside the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. It is a bummer they don't serve adult bevs - but I get it!   Toontown is always a little crowded for us because of its short hours, the lines are claustrophobic in the houses and rides and there's no way out so don't try it if you get small space spooked.   We especially love the new Nemo submarine ride and the Tomorrowland space mountain converted to Star Wars. The kids like meeting the characters at the Star Wars launch bay!   The jungle boat cruise, tiki room and haunted mansion are must sees! They're fun and entertaining. I love all the little characters in its a small world and definitely like flying around on the Matterhorn!   Splash mountain is also a favorite! We finally road the train around the park this time for the first time and discovered it really is like a ride and there's lots to see on it! They make it an experience! I was excited and happy to get off my feet.   It's nice that they have a family friendly breast feeding room and the old fashioned vendors with collectibles on Main Street america. It gives it so much charm! We totally want to take advantage of the shopping when the kids are older.   If we lived closer we would definitely get a season pass and go regularly. My sister lives in the county so she often gets good deals anyways. Walt Disney changed the world for the better, I can't imagine a world without Disney!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The best place on earth!!! It is the place I feel like a kid again every time. Cast members so nice all the time and so helpful!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Super expensive. No food till 11am . Fast pass a waste of money since the place is so overcrowded. Lots of walking. If ur over 60 and have any difficulties physically dont waste ur money", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It was a very bad experience. I invited some friends from New York and we were very disappointed to see to much people, to the point that it was very difficult to get from point A to point B. The wait time was too long 60 to 70 minutes on rides. We got to Disneyland at 9:30 am and only got on 3 rides.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great place for the family all the time. My husband and I had the signature plus passes for a year \u00a0because we made it a family thing since we couldn't travel anywhere as much.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I remember Disney as a kid and it was fun. Took my kids and they had fun on the rides. But, the customer service sucked. It was impossible to find people to help and some of them didn't seem happy to be there. It was hot and I expected that, but they didn't have ways to cool down, like misters throughout the park, which universal studios did. It was way too expensive and everything inside cost extra, like the fast pass app. It's already expensive and those things should be provided. The security lines in the morning to get in were atrocious. They need extra security tables in the morning peak hours. They have billions and they could afford more in the morning. As for gluten free dairy free options what a joke. I read it wouldn't be a problem, but it was. Few options meant I never got enough to eat when we went to restaurants. The staff did their best to accommodate me, but obviously Disney higher management doesn't care to accommodate those of us with food allergies. I've been to lots of different places and even in my small town I can find lots of options. We got stuck on a ride and were told to catch monorail to get to our dinner reservation at goofy's kitchen. But, when we rushed to the monorail, after being released and given a free fast past to whatever we wanted, we found out it was closed and had to rush waking in the hear, after a long day of waking. There were some good moments and great rides. They just need to improve their organization and maybe treat their staff better. Loved Indiana Jones and star tours and there were some very friendly and helpful staff members. Disney needs new upper management. It's not like it was when Walt Disney was alive", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It was my first time here and it was amazing!! Rides were fun, food was great, atmosphere was great, staff was friendly. All around great experience!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love Disneyland! It's such a fun place to spend a day with plenty of rides, food, drinks and things to do! It definitely gets crowded, and tickets are super expensive, but Disneyland sets the highest standard for theme parks. Everything is well-kept and most of the staff members are friendly and helpful. The park is also kept pretty clean! If you can, I recommend buying an annual pass, which is a much better deal if you can squeeze in multiple visits!   They also have the Food and Wine Festival each year which is pretty fun. The food items aren't always great, but it's always fun to try!   I only wish they wouldn't increase the prices so much every year.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have been trying to buy my child a ticket for almost an hour online, and the system will not let me change my password. I am finished - no ticket - she doesn't need to go", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always a great time. \u00a0We love Disneyland! \u00a0We splurged for the MaxPass this time and are so glad we did. \u00a0What a time saver! \u00a0The app is great for looking at ride wait times, too. \u00a0It's always a pleasure to visit Disneyland. \u00a0We will be back again and again.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This review is not so much about the park, but about one Cast Member in particular. I don't know her name, but if this ever reaches her I hope she knows how special she made my Christmas 2020! My husband wanted to get me the Cinderella Castle Lego set, which is limited and only sold through Disney and Lego, both websites were sold out. He called Disneyland, and after being rerouted about 5 times finally came across a lady who said she'd do her best to help. She placed him on hold and when she came back said she was able to find one of the last sets in a store in the park! She boxed it up and sent it to us, in Alaska, and it arrived just in time for Christmas. Whoever you are, I want you and all the Disney people to know that you made this the best Christmas for me and my kids. The extra care and effort you put in means the world to me.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "One of my favorite amusement parks and I always have a great experience when I go there. The food and new events are always great and who can beat the fireworks at night. Can't wait for the new Star Wars park coming soon!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My boyfriend and I are season pass holders and so are our daughter and her husband so we meet at Disneyland often. It's always a good time. We like to go during the week in the evenings for a few hours just to have diner and get a ride or two in. We don't go on Saturday's ever it's way too busy you can't even walk.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "amazing i wish i could live there!! there food is amazing and all the rides were extremely smooth just how i like!!!!!!!!!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My husband and I ate at the Blue Bayou restaurant in Disneyland in January 2014. He ordered the gumbo and found a large sharp chicken bone in it! The waitress was not nice - all she said was she would infom the chef. But it got worse from there. I ordered the jumbalaya and the prawns didn't taste cooked well. When I got back to our hotel room 3 hours later, I GOT VIOLENTLY ILL FROM FOOD POISONING - I ALMOST WENT TO THE HOSPITAL! DO NOT EAT AT THE BLUE BAYOU RESTAURANT - YOU WILL GET SICK FROM BAD FOOD!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "overpriced and the day passes that allow the rich kids to cut in front of the less economically well-off is disgusting. \u00a0I guess it is the best way for children to learn about America though", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is the best place ever I used to go there every week but covid 19 took it I went there since I was 1 I miss Disneyland so much", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What's not to like about Disneyland? Well, it depends, so here's my complaint. In light of the price increases every year I think the guests needs should come first, and I know that the FP system is ever changing with APP accommodations, but I turn my cell phone off when I'm in the park so I don't use power during the day, and turn it on at night to monitor the time in the dark. So I don't use APPs on my phone.  One upon a time, in a land far far away, you could be a Disney Parks Hopper and get a FP at either park around the same general time, but not anymore as the FP dispenser says you already have a FP. Oh, really? Yeah, at the OTHER park!!!!!!  Why are the two parks in Anaheim connected with the FP system? Both parks should be separate as they both require separate entrance fees. You don't pay one price admission for both parks so the FP system should be individual to one park only. Seriously. The FP system should not be related among two separate parks. One FP capability per park is only fair for that amount of money, and should have nothing to do with crowd control or dispensing FP tickets per attraction.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "How can anyone not give Disneyland five stars? It is every child's dream to come to Disneyland! I love coming to Disneyland! The first time I was here was when I was three and I returned 20 years later and 20 years after that I live here and I absolutely love it! It is one of my favorite places to come in Southern California! If you can do on the one thing you have to go to Disneyland! You are definitely not regret it! It is like a whole other world that orange county has to offer! There's a reason why you say that you are going to Disneyland after you win the Super Bowl, or the World Series, or the NBA championship, or at the Stanley Cup! And it is located here in Southern California! We are so lucky! It is a wonderful time! I love Disneyland! I love Disneyland! I love Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is literally the best place to ever exist. For all the one-star reviews, you're just poor, impatient, and salty. Get over yourself. The food there is amazing, and I've never gotten food poisoning from it. All the rides are definitely worth the wait, and fast passes are amazing. To thoroughly enjoy Disneyland, all you got to do is be smart. If you got a weak digestive system, just bring some Pepto-bismal tablets. If you don't have a max-pass, just work your way around the park. It's super easy to enjoy yourself here! If you go to Disneyland and have a HorRiBLe time, at least be grateful to know that you got to experience it. If you are going soon, I hope you have a wonderful time! :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I LOVE Disneyland!! I mean I am a annual pass holder after all. I will always rate Disneyland with five stars no matter how many times they close down space mountain or Indiana Jones. Disneyland is a magical place and although there are crowds what amusement park doesn't have crowds? People who rate Disneyland three stars are lower are sad. What do you guys expect... yeah somethings are overpriced what in California isn't? It is where adults and children can have fun, enjoying rides, eating some themed food items and drinking some creative contraption.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "First The people that's sells the tickets don't give you any information about the Fast Pass and they don't even know about how many time approximately will you have to wait in the attractions or shows and rides.....so visitors got to have a really good plan to be able to go in every attraction and fully enjoy DisneyLand", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have never in all my years at Disneyland, been treated poorly by their staff as I was there the other day. I have a 5 month old son who was terribly hungry in the evening we were there. I walked in to sit down at the New Orleans Cafe, to try and feed my poor crying son because with the traffic of people there was no way I was going to make it through to the baby quarters all the way in the front of the park.  A cast member walked up to me and literally kicked us out of there even though they were closed. When I tried to explain myself he was so rude beyond measure. I truly was shocked at how unpleasantly this cast member asked me to leave, along with rolling his eyes at me quite a few times after trying to tell him there was many open tables and people sitting in here doing the same, lounging. I asked for the Supervisor just to state to that person how rudely I was treated. He OF COURSE, was the Supervisor. I asked for his badge, and he in the most caddy response, held it out right in front of face. VALANDA FROM ANAHEIM, CA. I can't add the photo here or else I would to show the proof.   I left in shock, before I did, I walked around to the front to ask who the supervisor was, the gals stated he was NOT. Very disappointed at Disneyland for hiring a person with such poor customer service. No mother should be kicked out of a chair for trying to feed their child!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Sadly, there is a big difference between the Disney, that Uncle Walt himself has founded, and The Monopoly Corporation and conglomerate that Mr. Eisner later in his career as CEO of Disney, and worst Bob Iger have turned the company into.  Indiana Jones? Really? Since when did Indiana Jones have anything to do with Disney. And A Star Wars land right behind Frontier Land? Really? What the hell does Start Wars or Marvel Comics have anything to do with Disney?  And if you make the sacrifice to arrive early, they will punish you by making park you car all the way at the top floor of the parking structure under the sun all day. Not to mention parking itself costs $20.  Then you have too many untrained employees giving you inaccurate information.  This is on top of the very sad news that they're closing the Pirates of Caribbean ride to make it even more watered down than they already have -- and make it Politically Correct &amp; a ride that reflects the film series. Which is pathetic because the company if they have money to make a Star Wars Land, they have money to expand New Orleans Square, and put on a 2nd Pirates Ride that reflects the film series and have all the female gay &amp; lesbian Pirates to make all the lefties &amp; liberals happy. The people who have complained about this ride, They're so stupid &amp; have way too much time on their hands that they don't realize the Moral message of the bigger picture of the ride.  This is on top of the fact that Los Angeles Magazine last fall reported that after they're finished making the Start Wards Land, they are going to scrap Toon Town all together. Scrap it's a small World, Get rid of Mr. Taod's Wild Ride, and all the other rides around the castle and turn fantasy land to an area that is all about Manaoa &amp; the Frozen.  And yes the article reported that despite it's popularity, Splash Mountain is going to be changed so references to the animation sequences of the Song Of The South are not made so the film get mentioned less &amp; less in Disney Brochures.  While discussing these thing with Staff members, they vehemently denied that many of the original 1955 rides, small world, toon town was going to be scrapped and that Splash Mountain was going to change to make reference to another Disney film instead of Song Of The South.  The other things is, because it's now a monopoly corporation, they don't think the opinion OF THE OVERWHELMING MAJORITY OF THEIR PATRONS MATTERS ANY LONGER. As long as they can cater to feminists &amp; GLBTQXYZ activists and be politically correct, that is all that matters.  Most Disney Patrons NEVER HAD &amp; NEVER WILL HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE PIRATES RIDE AND NOTHING FROM IT OFFENDS THEM BECAUSE THEY UNDERSTAND THE BIGGER MORAL MESSAGE THE RIDE TRIES TO TRANSMIT AS DISNEY HIMSELF INTENDED.  But no matter how many people call them and tell, the response is\" The opinion of people who attend the park in insignificant to us because we have a group of people who decide what will be &amp; not be in the park.\"  Why waste your money on company like this.  Having said this, if I ever do visit a Disney Park again, it will probably be the one in tokyo, because everything is as original as it gets, and they still have attractions the disneyland &amp; disneyworld no longer have, and the priates ride still as it was originally. So that is definately on my agenda. But this Disneyland is a no no from this point.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Zero stars. You are not the happiest place because your online ticketing suck. We purchase them in advance got the bar codes ready and when our family is at the turnstiles we were told that it can't be read and we need to see customer service!! December 24 wer here early only to spend two hours and still in line waiting for effin customer service. We demand compensation for this very uncomfortable situation you brought us. We are here for the kids not for the adults! You are Disneyland for goodness sake!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My favorite place on Earth!! You can expect a little higher prices but it is worth every penny you spend there!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Who doesn't love Disneyland?! I used to go all the time growing up as a kid in Orange County with my season pass. My family and I moved out of state, so this was only my kid's second time. We went with a huge group which was a blast. We used the Disneyland app for fast passes all day. I'm pregnant so walking wasn't fun, but I found plenty of places to sit and obviously lots of yummy snacks through out the day...ice cream, churros, cotton candy, hot chocolate :) The park was beautifully decorated for Christmas, the Haunted Mansion was taken over by a Nightmare Before Christmas. The Star Wars land was amazing. My husband and I are huge fans and it was so fun to feel like you were walking around the movie, with storm troopers and Chewy! Lots of memories for a lifetime!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What a weekend, we were there for the Memorial Day weekend. Thanks for the good times and memories to remember. Star Wars was an amazing experience and I know there is more to come. I can't wait for more and I'll be back.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My mother and I had a horrible experience last summer 2017 at Disneyland. We had purchased the 3 day admission tickets for Southern California residents. On our third day there my senior citizen mom, who suffers from diabetes, started feeling sick after dining at the Aladdin themed restaurant. We decided that it would be best for her health to go home. However, before we left we tried unsuccessfully to obtain a pass to come back another day. The line for \u00a0guest relations/customer service on Main Street was around the block. Even after I explained to a staff member that my mom was sick, they still did not assist us and we ended up just going home. I later called customer service via phone explained what occurred, how my mom suffers from diabetes, started feeling sick after eating at a Disneyland restaurant and the staff still refused to allow us each a pass to come back to Disneyland for a day. The staff member via phone explained that corporate would not allow it. #corporategreed Needless to say we have not been back to Disneyland or California Adventure since then.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We are so happy that Disneyland Park California is really expanding their parking structure so coming and going as becoming so much easier their security pass is becoming also easier to get through and the Star Wars Galaxy theme park installed has been the reason why we have renewed our season pass we also thoroughly enjoy the phantasmic show every time we go don't miss that for anything", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Tried to get back into Disney at 10pm, total epic fail. \u00a0Oversold the park, there were thousands of people on the outside of the park trying to get in. \u00a0 Once you did get in (after waiting in security line, and then a line to get into the park) the lines were at least 90min long, shoulder to shoulder people, drunk people.   It was so bad, that we just left.  Thanks for wasting my time, money (including getting a room at the Grand Californian), and vacation day. \u00a0Oh and we came for my wife's birthday, so thanks for a crappy time.  You should be called the crappiest place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland's and Disney World's new World of Color dining option that eliminated the picnic lunch, frankly sucks, It is family UNFRIENDLY. \u00a0It is family cost prohibitive. \u00a0It is down right angering.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Loved it! It is really the most magical place on Earth. Took the family and they had a blast", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The food is a little bit overpriced but it's usual in every theme park in the us. The theming is so amazing that it doesn't even look like your in California anymore. But that's the point of the theming. The staff is so kind and kid friendly towards everyone and they know where to guide you to and etc. The parking is decent but since the Pixar Pals Parking Lot makes it easier to find parking. The rides are amazing and also kid friendly, the rides are for everyone to enjoy especially the handicapped and people special needs. Out of all, you are very likely to make happy memories and some emotional memories there too.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "CELEBRITIES DO GET SPECIAL TREATMENT!!!!  On 3/1/12 \u00a0around 4:30 am my best friend and I were waiting in line to take a picture in front of the castle when the castle photographer lady messes her camera up and wasn't able to take a picture with it. We told her that we just wanted pictures with our cameras,when a private tour guide comes by, whispers something in her ear and his group gets to go in front of us (and the rest of the people who also have been waiting patiently to take their pic as well). \u00a0  I already set my purse and drink in front of the tripod of the Disney photographer, because I was next in line, when Shaun White hands her a bunch of different cameras and takes her away from repairing hers (couldn't the disrespectful tour guide get out of his way to do this for them?). \"Take a picture for my sponsors\" was Shaun yelling at loud for others to notice he is somebody, then he will review them. The spectacle was like that, him yelling/shooting for attention, then to review them to make sure it came out nice...  While they were acting childish, I was pissed...It would of taken less than 5 minutes for us and the group behind me to take a pic. I made the comment that they cut in line and are taking forever when the tour guide shoots me a death look, he should off apologize not look at me in a demeaning way. Actually, he should had the group wait in line as Disneyland emphasizes soooo much that celebrities are as equal as everyone else in the park.  After the big show, we were able to finally take our picture. I asked her to take a horizontal and a vertical one. But we only got to take one because by the time she was done with the photo session ( the professional camera still not repaired) there was a huge line. Our picture was crocked and the top of the castle missing...but hey, at least Shaun White had like 20 pictures in his camera and was able to review them instead of getting the cold shoulder and a crappy one like us regular folks.   I would of not had an issue at all if we were asked if it was okay for them to go first, but the way that it was handle by both employees (specially the tour guide in charge) is not acceptable by any means.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am an all time Disney fan and I have high expectations for Disney in term of customer service and execution of things. My family have been to Disneyworld in Orlando a number of times in the past. This year, we decided to check out Disneyland , the original park.   I am disappointed with Disneyland 60th anniversary celebration. They didn't seem prepared to deal with the increased volume.  - Park was extremely crowded - Employees were grumpy from being overworked. Some of them said that they were working non stop without proper breaks.  - some of the rides seemed to be running at half capacity ? hence extremely long waits.  - Even at customer service, there was a long line up. This means that many people didn't have a magical experience either.  - fastpasses didn't seem to work properly. You are supposed to get priority when you return at the assigned time, however, we still had to wait a long while at some of the rides when we returned. Whats the point of fastpasses then? May as well call them \"less slow passes\". - signature show was cancelled without proper explanations and apology. They could have made up for it by having the show repeated at different times the next day so guests would have a chance to see it but no they didn't do that.  - there were numerous technical/mechanical issues with many of the rides during our stay. Things stopped working unexpectedly.  - parades started later than scheduled time. As it was so crowded and not enough standing room for everyone. crew members were herding guests around like cattle to move.   Overall, we didn't have a magical visit and were disappointed as we came such a long way and spent a lot to visit Disneyland. Don't think we will return to Disneyland.  Disney World in Orlando was a 1000x better experience for us.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "A copy of the email I sent to Disneyland, with specific names taken out. They responded by offering me more fast passes...  Disneyland,  On Tuesday January 21, 2014, at 4 pm I had a very unpleasant and disappointing experience at Disneyland. My boyfriend and I, both annual passholders, were publicly humiliated by your cast member on the Space Mountain ride.   As we were waiting to get on the ride, \u00a0the usual rambunctious teenagers behind us were excited to get on the ride and were cheering \"wahoo.\" My boyfriend, excited as well, joined in. \u00a0The cast member below us angrily yells at all of them to stop cheering. Not seeing anything wrong with what they were doing, they continued to cheer. When we were being assigned to a row in front of the designated cart, Your cast member attacks my boyfriend and yells loudly at him, \"When a cast member tells you to do something you listen to them, Dummy!\" Completely shocked, my boyfriend is telling him to leave us alone and tried to ignore him. Your cast member, clearly upset that my boyfriend isn't reacting to him, continues yelling at us and threatens to kick us out. We get on the ride and the same teenagers behind us in line were in our same cart. Everyone continues to cheer and raise their hands in the air, as people riding a roller coaster typically do. The cart moves forward a little. Then it is stopped and a female cast member rushes towards the cart and tells us to get off and that they are moving us to another cart. Before we can move Your cast member comes over and begins to yell at us again! He's yelling very closely at us and pointing his finger in our faces. He is creating a huge scene and embarrasses us all. I repeatedly tell him to stop yelling at us and to not stick his finger in my face. My boyfriend again tells him to leave us alone and stop taking to us. Your cast member responds, \"I don't talk to trash!\" Another male cast member comes over and directs him to step away and tells us to get into another row. This cast member said he was a supervisor. As my boyfriend was talking to this cast member, I see your cast member come back from around the corner with an angry face and makes a gesture with his hands as if he was strangling something. At this point I am completely flabbergasted and scared at the whole situation. We did not get on the ride, and we went straight to City Hall in Disneyland. I explained the situation. The cast member there said that he would make a report and that he would inform his management. He also offered me a few fast passes.   While I do appreciate the fast passes, I do not feel that they compensated for the offenses that were made. This email cannot fully encompass the magnitude of humiliation that we experienced. I have never been in a situation like this at Disneyland, or any other establishment, that caused me to be at a cross between being absolutely livid and drawn to tears.   This email is not intended to ultimately result in the employee being separated from the Disney company. I wish to convey that this situation requires responsiveness that goes beyond a simple coaching, yet not demanding that he be fired. I felt demeaned, humiliated and unsafe to the point that far exceeds a fast pass and an apology. Thank you for your time. I look forward to hearing from Disney management, as this matter requires concern.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is definitely deteriorated into a corporate money grab. We went here for my birthday and all we experienced were massive lines. We were not able to eat at any of the restaurants. I was wearing a birthday pin, and no one even noticed it. When I went to Universal for another person's birthday, everyone wish that individual a happy day. Star Wars land is a two hour wait for the falcon ride. Was it cool? Yes. Was it worth waiting two hours for? Not a chance. \u00a0Disney has now moved the prices up for two people to over $300. \u00a0When you can buy a plane ticket to Paris for that price, you have to question is it worth going to a museum park for the day. Maybe. Maybe not. You decide.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hey, Disney: your online ticket services takes your money but doesn't give you tickets.  When you buy on line it will tell you some information is missing about your credit card, but doesn't tell you what it is so you can't fix it! I use eBay, Amazon, Paypal all day and I have never encountered this.   Then although it says you will not be charged -- it charges you the amount of the ticket anyway, but doesn't give you a ticket.   When you call your Disney people they blame your bank saying its there security requirements, your people can't tell what the magical missing information was. When we call our bank they say no, Disney took the money and there is nothing they can do for three days. How magical!  My daughter is in tears.   Oh and here is the best part, because we tried to use your system 3 times to buy a ticket, it triggered a fraud alert on her card, when she got to your \"magical\" kingdom she couldn't use her card in front of all her friends -- you know how teenage girls hate embarrassment. We had to call our bank 3 times to get it sorted.   There is something very wrong with your software, so spend the money and fixt it.   I am sure you have hundreds of complaints like this judging from the looooooong sigh I got from your magical ticket buying helper when I explained the problem and who couldn't help. And please don't blame the banks.   You took our money and gave us nothing.   Have a magical, money grubbing day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Dear Disney when can you stop raising prices and reduce the lines? Literally insane and I'm hoping after all of this prices go down. Thanks!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I had the most beautiful time of my life, my 20TH birthday was the best one yet because it was spent at the Happiest Place on Earth", "rating": 5}, {"text": "By far the worst experience I have had here. I will make this as short as possible as a warning to others thinking of coming to this place. We were born and raised and still currently live in southern ca. Our family of 11 comes here once a year, as is our holiday tradition. I have sent an email, in hopes for a response at the very least. It took us over 3 hours just to enter the gates of Disneyland. NOT including parking which took us an additional 45mins. So plan on wasting 4 hours of your day right there. Over two hours before we even reached security. I have a veteran husband and a daughter who is high needs. After being told it would be over an hour wait before we could get in a trolly to go to Disneyland, we decided to walk. As they refused to allow us to get on a quicker bus, even though we were clearly parked in the handicap zone of Buzzlight year lot. When waiting in the OVER two hour line just to go through security with my veteran husband and high needs child, we were again told that we must wait in line, regardless of health issues. This is where my daughter, unable to get the proper stimulation screamed for over two hours. When we finally purchased our tickets we decided to get max passes as the place was clearly busy, we were able to use them on ONE ride. That's right, one! We were NOT informed that when the place is busy, they stop allowing people to use these passes. What a scam! $110 later for all of us to receive max passes, only to not be able to use them. When asked if we could get a refund we were laughed at. A total of $1500 BEFORE food spent to ride on TWO, yes TWO rides. We left at 10pm. If you have little ones, know that each line was 2-3 hours long for any ride in the park. I have never been more disappointed. I sure hope to receive a response, although it seems unlikely.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth. The churros are everything. The music and ambiance are delightful. The rides are great for everyone. The staff is pretty much always happy.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Easily the best week of my life was spent at Disneyland! The atmosphere isn't something you can find anywhere else. It's not an amusement park; it's its own world. Never experienced anything like it. And now my official reply to \"How are you?\" is \"I'd rather be at Disneyland!\"", "rating": 5}, {"text": "After waiting in por 75 + mins at the Indiana Jones attraction. there some some technical issues the people in charge told everybody in line to just come back to exit. universal studios give people courtesy fast passes when there are technical problem. here at Disneyland expect only apologies", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Three years, I took my daughter and son to Disneyland in Anaheim. \u00a0It was great..we went with a group of friends and one of them was in the military, so we were able to get a three-day hopper for dirt cheap. \u00a0The park was so entertaining and my children loved it. \u00a0During our time there, we made happy memories! \u00a0My kids wanted to go back!  This is year, I had plans to take my kids and my niece to Disneyland. \u00a0I found a hotel room that was in my price range...next step, our tickets to Disneyland. \u00a0OMG...I couldn't believe how expensive the tickets were. \u00a0Three years ago, I didn't even bother to look at the prices, because my friend got our tickets. \u00a0Now, looking at the prices...it's crazy! \u00a0My friend couldn't get us tickets, because she would have to be present when we go. \u00a0I looked high and low to find hopper tickets. \u00a0 The Disney tickets were $400 more than our hotel! \u00a0Unbelievable! As a single mother of two, I just couldn't do it. \u00a0I canceled my hotel room and decided against it. \u00a0  Why is this \" the happiest place on Earth\" if people cannot afford to even get in? \u00a0It's frustrating that I couldn't take my kids to Disneyland. \u00a0I was in a position to explain to them that I couldn't afford the tickets just to get in. \u00a0Thank goodness my kids understood. \u00a0So instead, we stayed local and made it worth our while.  What even made it worse, that California Adventure and Disneyland were right across from each other. \u00a0If you can afford a single park ticket, which would you go to? \u00a0  I don't think Walt Disney's plan was to turn families away because they couldn't afford to get in. \u00a0  Is this really the \"happiest place on Earth?\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My boyfriend and I came today cause it's the last time for us to use our passes before moving away . We get to the park and find out that they deactivated his pass as we make monthly payments have never missed a day. Malorie the supervisor in guest services was beyond rude and unprofessional raising her voice at \u00a0us and covering her name tag so that we couldn't see it , she refused to see that we had proof of payment for our passes and refused us access or to even help us and told us to go away and she refuses to help clear the account so we can go in. We ended up leaving very upset and robbed of our money and I've been going to Disneyland for the past 7 years and have never experienced poor customer service especially coming from a supervisor", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I've been hear almost a thousand times and have never checked in.  Of course this place is great. Drinks and food are exspensive but you should already know that by now. If you've done this a lit then try buying a hidden Mickey book and follow it through the park to give you a different experience", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I like Disneyland because I live close and have an annual pass. If you just go for one day and think you're going to do everything you want, you're probably going to be disappointed. Between the lines and rides occasionally going down, you need probably at least 3 days to do everything you would want to. Know what you're getting into before you go, if you have unrealistic expectations, you're going to be let down.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Booked Goofy's breakfast and BBB for my daughter's third birthday. Pure magic. My daughter fell in love with Minnie at breakfast and it set the tone for the whole day. Her fairy godmother Arianna was so patient and kind to my nervous 3 year old. She winged it when I suggested nails first and totally won my toddler's trust. The only smile we got was with Arianna! It's been a month since our visit but my little one hasnt stopped talking about Disneyland. We will make this a once a year trip at minimum. Disney does it best!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's been. 6 years since my Last visit ,I have been to the park over 30 times  I love the park but let's get real ..it needs some upgrades .. And fixes My husband is from the UK and it was his first time .We brought our son 14 and daughter 9 On arrival to the parking structure \u00a0 the attendant was servicing both sides of 50 car lines ..a almost impossible task..:( The tram ride was fine and the ticket person friendly  We headed as fast as we could to Indiana jones  Which was closed  So we went to space mountain , we were sent to the roof were there was no misters, \u00a0water And just partial shade ..oh and a unattended drink cart ...not cool felt like a bate and switch. Misters and shade are essential in 90+ heat the last thing you want on your second ride  Fix this please", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Long lines, could care less service, anxiety wrapped day...  Revising review: Disney needs to have a oxygen bar set up at the entrance to help acclimate out of towners to the altitude sickness of everything they are about to encounter.   The prices, the lines, the lack of 2 steps without being stepped on.   If you have have a hint of anxiety or god forbid PTSD from a traumatic experience stay far away from this place.   If you, or your child has any disorder where loud sounds, bright lights, overstimulation, claustrophobia, overcrowding, are issues, please plan accordingly because all these will be overwhelmed.   The lack of respect from typically under-payed unenthusiastic cast members is borderline cattle .   If you do want to punish yourself and family..don't believe a word Disney employees make as the want you out of there face as fast as the next \u00a0.  Figure out the \"fast pass\" before you enter!  If you are susceptible to stressors beware!  I'm a 6+ ft almost 40 yrs old been through hell and back and this place put me in a corner for an hour with an anxiety attack. The staff could care less!!   It's a small world helped had to go twice..   Night shows we're sweet! 1 star. \u00a0  Long story short went to both Disney parks Florida and California.  Florida was one of the biggest financial shits my family has made. Spent over $6,000 to get my family to and from. Take time off work and fly out and we did not step inside 1 ride. I would never go again.  California was ok - the fires and respiratory issues that follow were tolerable. The park was cool - the crew members that could care less about my distress issues caused by the place they work at was terrible! If I saw what I was going through I would have asked how I could help not literally turn my back.  Attached is the first cast member to start the repeated disregard I received as a \u00a0at this amusement park. Fun stuff", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Just visited this overly crowded and expensive park. \u00a0They keep shoving people in and not expanding the park or trying to improve how rides are managed. \u00a0Looking dated and not shabby. \u00a0Castle needs paint. \u00a0If standing in line for 1 -2 hours for a ride is your idea of good time - go for it. \u00a0I won't ever again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family and I have been annual pass holders for years now. \u00a0We dont get tired of this magical place. \u00a0The parades and shows are phenomenal and the rides never get boring.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Great day with my wife and family they continue to improve rides and themes keep up the good job. This place gives great promos I will keep promoting Disney for all there good customer service.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is disneyland the one true happiest place on earth, except when ur hungry and trying to buy food. Did i mention that the prices are outrageous LOL. However, it's always worth it because the smiles you see on all your cousins and family members. Making family memories is what this place is all about. The rides are fun and there's something for everybody here, star wars for the nerds, princesses for the girls, and rides for the wild teens. Welcome to heaven kiddos!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I grew up watching Walt Disney build Disneyland. I'm in my 70s now. My birthday present is a trip to Disneyland. Yesterday on my birthday we purchased to park hopper tickets in order to ride Mickey's fun wheel and radiator Springs racers. The fun wheel broke down. When we finally \"Rescued\" from that ride we went directly to radiator Springs racers which was broken down. Don't think Walt would have been happy with the level of deferred maintenance at his park. Please take the extra $120 we spent yesterday and repair your rides.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Well, I think it's finally happened... the price of Disneyland now outweighs the value of the \"magical experience\". \u00a0Great for very small children. \u00a0Anyone older who actually likes rollercoasters will be much happier at Magic Mountain or Knotts, the coasters there actually have G-forces unlike the watered-down, dressed-up duds here. \u00a0 \u00a0Disneyland is like a V6 Mustang with a body kit and fancy paint job ... all show, no go. \u00a0(They RUINED Star Tours, btw... the story lines are better but the actual ride itself is far less thrilling, you can barely feel the jump to lightspeed.) If appearances are all that matter and you have an aversion to adrenalin, you and your very small children will love it here. \u00a0  Here's a word to the wise... DO NOT GO ON GRAD NIGHT. \u00a0You will have to do some research because they won't advertise on their website that it's Grad Night. \u00a0The parking structure is closed to all but Grad Night attendees meaning you will get to park in the Simba lot wayyyyyyyy over on the other side of Downtown Disney, and there is no tram service. You still get to pay the full parking price, though... this is the Greediest Place on Earth, after all! \u00a0The long trek is not such a big deal on the way in, but it's a long 20 in. walk back to your car carrying an exhausted kid at the end of the day.   Oh, and even though the park closes at 11 pm, they will not let you on any rides after 10 pm because they want all of the the non-Grad Night attendees out of the lines by 11:00 pm closing, so you basically get screwed out of an hour's worth of ride time. \u00a0Our Fast Pass instructed us to come back to Indiana Jones Adventure between 9:25 pm and 10:25 pm. \u00a0We went at 9:45 and the ride was broken down (it happens... this didn't upset us). \u00a0We went back at 10:20 and the ride was working again but we were told they would not honor our FastPass because of this new stupid rule they had instituted and only Grad Night guests could get on the ride after 10 pm. \u00a0Excuse me, I paid damn near $100 for a ticket... at least honor your FastPass or let us know in advance that you are going to screw us out of an hour's worth of ride time. Or just close the park at 10 if you don't want to let us on any rides after that time. \u00a0I would have stood in the Stand By line to ride Indiana Jones earlier in the day if I had known! \u00a0 I will be spending my entertainment dollars at Magic Mountain and Knotts in the future.  I was really trying to keep a positive attitude here, but by the end of the day I had had it with this place. \u00a0 I'm a lifetime So Cal resident and I go to theme parks at least a dozen times a year. \u00a0Up until now, Disneyland has always been a special treat that is maybe a little on the expensive side but generally worth it. \u00a0No longer. \u00a0There are too many other options for us locals, parks like Knotts and Magic Mountain that still treat their guests like actual people and not just walking pocketbooks.   So long, Mickey. \u00a0I'd say I'll miss you but I honestly don't think I will. \u00a0I'll always have Snoopy and Bugs Bunny to really thrill me.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The rides were okay. \u00a0Other theme parks have amazingly more engaging and unique rides. \u00a0  The worst part of this place is the customer service here. \u00a0It's horribly inconsistent. \u00a0Two out of every ten employees seem to enjoy their job. \u00a0And, by enjoy I mean aren't completely and unequivocally terrible to the guests. The policy at Disneyland seems to be say no to customers, lie to patrons about policy and procedure, and do not help people until they have stood there plaintively asking for help for more than a few moments.   This place is only about money. \u00a0It is not about building memories. \u00a0  I, honestly, think that the poor behavior of most of the staff is a top down issue. \u00a0If your bosses and their bosses are telling you to treat your patrons poorly, in search of profit grubbing, then you will do exactly that. \u00a0  The worst part of the trip was watching an elderly lady trip as she tried to get onto a ride and see the staff, literally one foot away from her, ignore her completely. \u00a0I couldn't reach her to help, but two others getting on the ride, other park guests, helped her off of her back as she had seriously fell into the ground. \u00a0   I will not return here. \u00a0Universal Studios has a much better atmosphere and the staff are so considerate and kind there. \u00a0I implore you not to waste your money a this horrible place. \u00a0Disneyland is awful.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "After all this years, still the Happiest Place on Earth. As I grow older, I have come to appreciate the professionalism of everyone who work here, from the cleaners, to all the characters! \u00a0Kudos Disney Team!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Worst amusement experience ever. Stood in line for an hour or more for each ride. 4 of 8 rides we waited in line for shut down due to mechanical failure before we could ride. Not worth the money.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Overly expensive. Rotten food. If a family of four wanted to take a week-long vacation there, they'd have to mortgage their house to do so. Walt must be rolling over in his grave for what the greedy bastards at the Disney organization have done to his dream.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I visited Disneyland for the first time in 5 years after a bad experience. I purchased the annual passes for me and my fianc\u00e9 and made the down payment. I then received a message stating that my payment was due after 4 days. I was confused and called in and was told that the first payment was due within 2 days of the down payment. I was not advised of this. I went through my contract with a customer service rep and she couldn't clarify anything. We reviewed the section stating number of payment 12 - not including down payment, amount of payment - not including down payment, and payments due on or about the date of this contract and then monthly -does not state doesn't include down payment so I was led to believe that this included the down payment. It was incredibly vague and ambiguous. Especially with the phrasing they keep referring to in which it states on or about the date of this contract, \"and then monthly beginning on or about the monthly anniversary of this contract\" I put this in quotes because of the terms beginning and the lack of advisement that it does not include the down payment. I feel that Disney is trying to sucker people in with misleading verbiage. To make it worse when you call to speak to customer service they give you a very clear oh well attitude about it. Yes I read the contract...Yes I read it with a rep...and yes even the rep gets confused. So I would advise against the payment plan until they clarify language because who knows what else they are going to attempt to obligate you to.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Who doesn't love Disneyland! Never met one but what a great experience that my family had during our three visits this past October! One of my favorite times to visit Disneyland is during the holidays and boy did they deliver!   Lines will be long no matter the day, so get used to standing or being creative while waiting in line. If you have the money to spend on Fast Passes or are good about getting fast passes for a particular ride, good on you!   Food, Food, Food! Every where you turn theirs food and tons of it. I had to snag my favorite sweet treats at every turn and corner. Not to mention the cool souvenir items that fit with the holiday spirit!   Disney decorations are on a whole other level! That's the reason for going there during the holiday seasons! Halloween was a blast, can't wait for Christmas!!   Rides have gotten better since my last visit 9 years ago! Not to mention the shows, parades and Fantasmic! Such an awesome show to watch, don't forget to grab Fast Passes!   If you're not a pass holder, a good spot for parking is in the Toy Story Lot. $20/vehicle a day with shuttle service to the park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Waiting for my bestie to come back home so we can finally go again...got a great tan, too. packed a hoodie and sweats since we were planning to stay there all day. it's the perfect weather during this time... sunny n hot all day and super cold and windy at night..love the parades and fireworks", "rating": 5}, {"text": "One smoking area if you vape per park horrible bunch of people crammed shoving their way through like sheep getting herded. Was like 3 family groups away from my parents and asked to get through nobody would let me so I went through anyways guy was an asshole and ended up setting my girlfriend off on a panic attack cause she didn't feel safe cause he just wanted to shove me so I couldn't get to my parents mind you we were already in the park for the pre open thing.  Screw this place I'm sick of the fake happiness that plagues this place.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney freak over here! I have been an annual pass member a couple times over the years. I have attended Dapper day which was so fun to dress up with many others and take fun pictures all over the park. \u00a0I always look forward to going to the parks. \u00a0I love Disney foods!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Its Disneyland! Overall I didn't feel like everything was outrageously over priced, it's what you would expect. Had a delicious breakfast croissant...huge service with a portion of fruit... great options all around! Staff was friendly, lines moved quickly even without fast passes.. great experience..even better as an adult!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I go to the bar to have a beer. I don't eat meat and I ask for celery and carrots and they can't make it. You have to order chicken wings to get celery and carrots.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We are a fourth generation Disneyland family. We are not elitist at the Club 33 level but have had honored the AP traditions for over 15 years. Over the past 50 years we have had more positive than negative experiences filled with laughter, joyful times spent with friends, family and cast members. I can tell you not everyone who works at the park should, but at the same time it is very challenging to deal with public in the masses. Disneyland has changed tremendously over the past 20 years. It is very corporate now, very costly and getting more difficult to control the masses and the experience. Be prepared to understand you can NOT cover both parks in one day. Souvenirs are costly. Cast members work hard to keep the park clean and stocked. There are some pretty \u00a0amazing people who have worked there a very long time and have epic tales to share. Do your research plan your days, use the app and fast pass, pack snacks, water change of clothes for comfort and change of weather. It can all be kept in a locker you can rent. Most important enjoy be happy. .", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Nothing like having Disneyland make your kids cry during Christmastime. We Drove 5 hours with three kids to be turned away because the tickets we had were only good on GA days. They would not let me pay the difference, but instead wanted me to purchase new peak day admission tickets totaling 675.00. \u00a0Really Disney? \u00a0I guess the almighty dollar wins out even for kids at Christmastime. \u00a0So we left after paying parking, hotel, gas, time and food for a family of 5 totally disappointed. \u00a0The guest relations supervisor \"Kayla\" was completely detached and said she had no supervisor that would help me giving me the customer service email instead. I wish I could leave no stars. My 10 year old was literally crying at the counter and will remember this Disneyland disappointment forever.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We have annual passes and I'm seriously thinking on cancelling them. Went to both parks yesterday. Should of turned around and went home immediately when they started rerouting us away from Mickey and Friends parking. We had to park at the convention center. At least there were shuttles. But if your parking lot is full maybe the park shouldn't be packing anymore people in! If there were an emergency it was so packed in both parks people would kill each other trampling over one another to get out. Very disappointing for as much money as I've spent,and all the money that rolls in that place,its disgusting! Greedy is all you've become,its sad! Its not fun to have to shuffle thru crowds all day,stand in lines for hours on end. What would Walt think? Its more fun when you can comfortably walk thru,shop,look around,minimal lines for rides. Stop just please stop packing us in like sardines! From one very disappointed Mom.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's about 9:45 pm December 28, 2019 and I'm still in Disneyland with my family-all nine of us. \u00a0 I'm just thinking that I'm about $1,600 in to this one day. \u00a0 \u00a0We drove here this morning so that cost is just park expenses. \u00a0Tickets, food, drinks, droids, toys, snacks. \u00a0 At this point I need an ATM machine implanted in my chest. \u00a0 WOW! \u00a0 Crazy expensive day. \u00a0 Crowded? \u00a0 \u00a0So bad! \u00a0 \u00a0Small world 120 minutes. \u00a0Bobsled 140 minutes. \u00a0 Space mountain 180 minutes. \u00a0Every ride line was sooooo long. \u00a0Really Disneyland? \u00a0 \u00a0Kids weren't too happy and it was our only day with family members visiting from out of state. \u00a0 \u00a0 Unfortunate that Disneyland believes that this is acceptable.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Way too expensive now. \u00a0I love the park but I will not take out a second mortgage to go. \u00a0Sorry.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Hi Disney, I just celebrated Halloween with you. WOW! What fun. The park looked great . Lots of activity. I went trick o treating . I've now gone 5 years in a row. You do such a great job. Thanks so much for making great family memories .", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So very dissappointed in the happiest place on earth, more like the most #expensive place on earth. We have been pass holders for years. Our passes were going to expire on March 10th 2018, so in January I went on to renew, said, it was too early to do so. Then we had a death in the family February and missed the 40 day discount \u00a0by about 8 days. Our passes when up almost $400.00 a year. I tried contacting #customer #service they were not help, so we went to the park the first week in March tried to talk to customer relations , no help. Everyone following me, we are still NOT #HAPPY ! They refer us to the ticket booth and tell me they can help us there (so misleading). Go there that was a joke they have no authority either and everyone at #DISNEYLAND was passing the buck, mostly to marketing dept. BS. I have talk to quite a few people , that ran into similar issues and missed 40 day mark and somehow got the person at disneyland that makes you happy, and rolled back their passes. I am a So Cal Resident and long time disney fan. My grandfather actually worked for you when you first opened, that is how far back we go with Disneyland. I feel DISNEY has taken advantage of a good economy and the people that reside in So Cal. We did renew our passes but the love and the happiness for Disney will never be the same ! NO LONGER THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH. #HAPPIESTPLACEONEARTH #NOLONGER", "rating": 1}, {"text": "\"The Unhappiest Place on Earth\" \u00a0Yes, first world problems I get it but, I'd like everyone to keep in mind and consider the fact that thousands of families pay thousands of dollars many of whom are coming from the other side of the planet to come to this park. \u00a0So before judging the whininess of my post please keep that in mind. \u00a0We purchased three day hoppers two of which we used in the summer(had no choice) and one which we used in the off season(same as the summer anyway come to find out). \u00a0This park, in comparison to the other parks I've been to such as Universal, Marriot's, Six Flags, San Diego Zoo, Wild Animal Park, Legoland and many more is the worst I've every experienced(you can check my reviews I try to be fair about them). \u00a0It is absolutely clear the Disney is not marketing return customers only first time suckers that are trying to get a check in the bucket list box. \u00a0I literally spent at least half of my 1-2 hour wait times for rides thinking about the content of this review and how terrible it was. \u00a0At one point I actually thought it'd be better to be at work where I have A/C, a seat, internet, and solitude. \u00a0It seems Disneyland has absolutely no capacity threshold. \u00a0 There's no limit. \u00a0If you show up at the gate you're in, regardless. \u00a0The wait times were terribly long so on the second day we decided to get the FastPass. \u00a0A COMPLETE RIPOFF. \u00a0If you are considering a FastPass pay attention. \u00a0It is not a head of the line ticket as one might think such as Universal Studios has. \u00a0It allows you to make appointments for rides. \u00a0For example if you come to a ride that's excepting FastPass you cannot get on the ride unless you have an appointment for that time which I guarantee you don't. \u00a0Appointments are typically hours out AND you can really only have one appointment at a time. \u00a0You can't go in to your FastPass app and say make an appointment for 5 one for 6 one for 7. \u00a0There's a cool down period which is tied to your next appointment(you won't be able to make another one until on or around your current one so there's always a wait). \u00a0We only were able to use the FastPass about three times. \u00a0My daughter wanted to go on the Cars ride. \u00a0It was 12PM next appointment was 8PM(would have locked our FastPass for the rest of the day). \u00a0Another problem is coordinating rides you don't have FastPass with your appointment. \u00a0We got out of the Haunted House and had an appointment for Pirates of the Caribbean for 35 minutes \u00a0later. \u00a0The regular line was 30 minutes. \u00a0So we ended up waiting in line anyway. \u00a0The other problem is the FastPass is not as expensive as Universal so more people get them. \u00a0On our third day we went on the Cars ride(without FastPass) the wait time was 90 minutes. \u00a0We were walking past a long line and thought we might have gotten in the wrong line. \u00a0Nope that longer line was the FastPass line. \u00a0It was literally 3-4 times longer than the standard line. \u00a0They would let 4 of us go then 20-40 of them. \u00a0Our line was a 15 min line at best but because of the number of FastPass holders it became 90 min. \u00a0Soarin \u00a0Over California was 120 minutes. \u00a02 HOURS! \u00a0Barely a line for standard though. \u00a0FastPass line was out on to the street. \u00a0It's ridiculous for standard line and it's ridiculous for FastPass holders. \u00a0So at Universal you pay extra for front of the line pass to be treated special but, at Disney? \u00a0You pay extra to not be treated like shit. Of course everything is ridiculously expensive I mean even though they pull in about $6 million a day they HAVE to charge $5 for a bottle of water and $13 for a standard cheese burger and fries(no drink). \u00a0I will never go to this park again but, I don't think that's their goal. \u00a0They are not marketing return customers. \u00a0They are marketing first time suckers. \u00a0I can't believe their rating is so high. \u00a0It probably has to do with self delusion. \u00a0People spend thousands of dollars and hours and hours in line on a once in a lifetime vacation. \u00a0It must be impossible to rate Disneyland crappy in their minds. \u00a0It'd be like admitting that you fucked up. \u00a0Better to put a smile on it and pretend that it didn't suck as bad as it did. \u00a0Don't go here. \u00a0Go somewhere else. \u00a0Do your research.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Very disappointing day they canceled the fireworks today. \u00a0This is the one thing we were really looking forward to and never got to see.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland cast members have lost their flair. I get it, they deal with all the frustrations customers have with the laundry list of changing rules. Like annual pass changing block out dates without notice, dining reservations for holidays are given a random date rather than the 60 day out rule--no one knows until you are told an hour after being on hold. But the cast members aren't understanding, helpful or interested. They don't say sorry. They don't say i will bring take this up the chain of command, there's no showing of interest and I've even been hung up on. The cost is so high to visit, we even stay at their $1000 a night hotel sometimes. For $1000 night I'm still up at 7am to seek out dining reservations. With that price tag?! I'm insane and I finally realized it when I stayed at the Grand, booked three months in advance, planned for my son's father to come to town to join us and get to the turnstile to realize that the month before our $800 each annual passes got blocked. Yes, they can do that, but an email notification would have been nice. Standing at the turnstile with a child and his dad for a special day as notification, unforgivable and disrespectful of me and my hard earned money. I realized I am often treated poorly by cast members, but let it go. Disneyland needs to change something, because your cast members are rude. I will take my money and take my son on vacation somewhere cheaper, more relaxing and friendlier.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is the place where you can feel like a 12 year old every time you walk through the front gates!! Nothing like spending a holiday here!! We came for Halloween and it was over the top as usual!! I can't wait to visit at Christmas one of these years!! A couple helpful hints!!! Get your tickets at undercover tourist!! It will save you a bit and reputable. Down load the app!! This is an absolute go to for your trip!! Use the app to check ride times, event times and the best thing yet order your food on the app and just pick it up!! It is ONE line you can skip in the park!! Even though the girls are older we still bring a stroller to carry a small ice chest full of drinks and to carry all the souvenirs!!! Plus it gives you a place to store things while you ride all the rides!! Remember there are something's you can only get in the park like there awesome puzzles!!! We spent 5 days and had an amazing vacation!!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We come here at least three to four times per month. \u00a0Having an annual pass is definitely worth it if you live in the area. \u00a0It can get crowded at times but if you come on the slow days it is a perfect way to spend time with the family or walk around the park with friends. \u00a0The parking area is always clean and have not had any issues. \u00a0Do recommend getting the pass with parking included as it costs $20 to park in the structure now and downtown Disney parking is $6 every 30 minutes without a validation from a restaurant or movie theater. \u00a0They are doing some renovations to the park on main street and other nearby areas so looking forward to see when they are completed.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland.. Known as \"The Happiest Place On Earth\" to most. Some call it \"The Most Expensive Place On Earth\". So the question is, is it worth going.. Absolutely! If you have the money for it that is. Here's my review (and some tips) for the \"House of Mouse\": Disneyland!  *PARKING: You have more than a few options for parking at the Disneyland Resort, but some options are better than others. The popular option is the Mickey and Friends Parking Structure. Located near intersection of Ball Rd and Disneyland Dr, it's  a popular choice for guests. Is it the most efficient? Not really. I recommend using the Toy Story and Friends Parking Lot. It might be a minute or two farther away from their popular cousin, but it's much more efficient. Mickey and Friends have at least 5 or more levels of parking which makes it a bit difficult to find your perfect parking space, while Toy Story and Friends is just one large parking lot with a lot of space. For Mickey and Friends, you have to go through a security check, wait for your tram, take a 1 or 2 minute tram ride, and go your designated park. For Toy Story and Friends, you wait for your bus, take a 2 or 3 minute bus ride to the park, go through a quick security check, and go to your designated park. Overall, either one is wonderful, but if you are looking for the most efficient and less time consuming way, I recommend using Toy Story and Friends..  *RIDES: All of rides in the Disneyland Resort are all wonderful and there's a ride for everyone when you arrive, whether it'll be Pirates of the Caribbean to The Incredicoaster. A common problem in every park are the long exasperating lines. A way to possibly solve that problem are the use of FastPasses. I recommend to find a FastPass Distribution Center the moment you arrive in the park. Say if the line for Space Mountain is 1 hour, go find a Space Mountain FastPass Distribution Center, enter you park ticket, you'll receive a FastPass ticket with a return time. If your return time is 10:00, you can go on some minor rides or eat a small snack to pass the time. At 10:00, arrive at the queue for Space Mountain and you'll enter into the FastPass line of Space Mountain. It can be difficult, but as long as you keep track of time, you will save so much time than waiting in line for over an hour. (The process can be easier with the MaxPass, where you can schedule FastPass wait times on the Disneyland App than looking for a FastPass Distribution Center, but it is costly)  *FOOD: Food in Disneyland is simply overpriced and not that good at times, but here are a few suggestions for certain restaurants and snack joints located throughout the park. (Eat breakfast before arriving at the park, it saves money you will spend at the park) *Disneyland: Alien Pizza Planet: My favorite place when it comes to a decently priced lunch and delicious food to boot. A big plate of amazing pasta is around $10.00 or $12.00 which is pretty great compared to a lot of other restaurants and eateries in the park. This is my top recommendation for lunch at the Disneyland Park! Tiki Juice Bar: It's Instafamous and delicious! That's right, the famous dole whip! The dole whip float (it's pineapple juice served with a pineapple soft serve) $6.79 and the soft serve itself is $5.99. It's pretty decently priced, but the refreshing dole whip is so worth it! This is my top recommendation for a snack at the Disneyland Park! *California Adventure: Award Weiner: It's by far the best deal you can get at, not just California Adventure, but Disneyland overall! The hot dogs come with a side of fries and the prices range from $8.99 to $10.29. The hot dogs themselves are very delicious and the fries are just as amazing! This is my top recommendation for California Adventure! *Adorable Snowman Frosted Treats: Based off of the Abominable Snowman from Monsters Inc, this little sweet dessert shop has the best soft serve! It's definitely up to the level of a dole whip! It's Lemon! - Regular (it's a non dairy lemon soft serve in a cone) is $3.99. It's a delicious treat perfect for a warm day in Southern California. This is my top recommendation for a snack in California Adventure!  *OVERALL: Overall, Disneyland is pretty expensive to go, but it's so worth it to visit wonderful characters, ride amazing rides, and feel transported to another world! I recommend coming here during off season which is anytime that's not summer vacation or any vacation for the little ones. It gets pretty crowded during those times. I give Disneyland 5 Stars, because for me and millions of other people, it's truly \"The Happiest Place On Earth\"!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "F$!# YOU DISNEY! Im done with Disney. Crowd control my ass! How bout make different pass days, or something like that, you greedy A-holes! So basically its for the rich! Not the poor little kids, who are brained washed with disney. Time to break my neice of this mess. So !!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "You pay an arm and a leg just to have have the rides closed... It's all about money here. They don't give a crap about the kids having a magical time. We should all boycott Disney. We paid $700 for three people for a two day pass just to find out the park was packed to the gore with people and all the good rides were closed!! This place takes advantage of families and gobbles up their paycheck a with no remorse as the corporate assholes wipe their butts with $100 bills. I wish nothing more than the new generations to see Disney as it really is, a place for suckers to spend their hard earned \u00a0money just to see their kids smile for a few moments. That's if they get a chance to go on any rides or see any characters. Everything is laughably overpriced... Shame on you Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "For being the happiest place in the world, my 3 year old autistic son and I were the least bit happy after our most recent visit a couple of weeks ago. Our day started magnificent, walked into the park where we were greeted by smiling faces. We proceeded to city hall to retrieve my son's service pass where the young lady that assisted us was an absolute GEM. Our previous visit just a couple weeks prior to this one was our first time using the services so I was unclear of how it worked. For the most part employees around the park were very helpful with the exception of a few attractions that turned us away because my son was not in a wheel chair. Since when does a wheelchair define if someone has a disability? Anways, the young lady assured me that was not the case and we should be able to utilize this pass for any ride. So we left very excited to start our day around the park, First few rides were AMAZING. Then we came across our first hiccup at Alice in Wonderland where I returned for our return time and she mentioned I did not have one. I assured her I had stopped by 20 min earlier and even pointed out who had helped us and she continued to harass us that we did not have one. At that point, I became embarrassed and was ready to walk away when she said its okay walk on through but not before they put up a fight and made me feel uncomfortable. We rode the ride, enjoyed ourselves, and moved on. Our next hiccup was at Mr. Toads were I was told my service pass was no good and he would have to wait in the long line. I explained that I was informed I could use it on any ride and I was ignored so knowing my son would not be able to handle the wait we walked away disappointed. Next stop was at Pirates of the Caribbean were I saw a young lady at the exit and I kindly asked her for a return time and she informed me she was unable to assign me one and I needed to walk to the next service station. Confused I walked away and went to the next service station where I met just about the most inconsiderate young man who spoke to me like I was a huge inconvenience and should \"feel lucky\" to be able to use this service. Well we decided to take a lunch break because at this point I was not up for further rejection at a ride or embarrassment having to validate my son's disability at every attraction. We later proceeded to Pirates of the Caribbean where LONG BEHOLD that same young lady was giving a return time to a family with a wheelchair. I kept my cool got scanned in and went inside. After that ride we walked to the service both where I asked the same arrogant young man why I wasn't given a return time at the exit but someone else did and he said they shouldn't be doing that yet my last visit that's what I was instructed to do. Of course, he was rude about it and I received my return time for Haunted Mansion. You would think that's where it would end... NOPE. I get to Haunted Mansion and scan my son's ticket for our party of 4 and he says you need to scan all tickets. I explain he only scanned one and he said well he was wrong and all tickets need to be scanned and I said all tickets are linked to my son's service pass and he says I do not know what you are talking about. So of course I felt dumb and was also holding up the line. They let us pass but once again, not before they put up a fight. It was already evening at that point and I was emotionally exhausted with this trip. Disneyland is not the most affordable place and with a 3 year old you don't receive your money's worth because you can't exactly enjoy all the attractions. It was disheartening to interact with such inconsiderate individuals. I would like to mention that the staff handling the Map Show as well as Fantasmic were absolutely amazing! I mentioned to them my situation and need to sit or stand somewhere I can easily escape in case my son was unable to handle the entire show and they were SO helpful. You should definitely consider retraining your staff on how this service works because everyone had their own definition of it. No one should every feel like an inconvenience and that's exactly what Disneyland did to my son and I. I hope to hear from someone in regards to this matter. It is not something I will take lightly given that I would work in the industry and I know better than to judge a book by its cover and make someone uncomfortable for something they cannot help.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Thank goodness we have passes. We don't feel obligated to go on every ride when we go. Sometimes we just sit have a cup of coffee and watch all the people. Our favorite place to eat is the French Market in New Orleans Square. They have great tasting stew and their salads are tasty too.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I just got to say, way over priced and too crowded. Not to mention if rides are down why are we still charged full price? Also there is a huge mouse problem!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I enjoy every moment going to the most magical place on earth. Every worker here puts their customers before themselves and makes sure we are safe and have a great experience. The food and rides are even better. Places I recommend eating at are the Blue Bayou Restaurant by New Orleans Square, the Boardwalk Pizza and Pasta near Pixar Pier, Club 33 an exclusive Restaurant that is only offered to a small percent of people in New Orleans , and Snack concession stands such as Dole Whip by Adventure land, any Churro at a concession stand, The Cozy Cone Motel In California Adventure Land that serves Mac And Cheese in a bread cone, Turkey from any \u00a0concession stand again, Beignets In New Orleans Square, and more! My Personal favorite Rides at Disneyland are Indiana Jones, Splash Mountain, Space Mountain, Matterhorn Bobsleds, Autopia, It's a Small World, Big Thunder Mountain, Incredicoaster, Guardians of the Galaxy, Goofy's Sky School, Mike and Sully to the Rescue (Monster's Inc Ride), Grizzly Bear River Run, Soarin over The World, and Many more iconic rides. One of my favorite places to visit is Art Academy featuring The Beasts' Library in California Adventure. \u00a0If you live in a different state or country, it is totally worth Traveling and Visting too! Disneyland will always remain the most magical place on earth! (wOw I'm a poet dude. )", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always raising prices.. awful service.. customer service at the ticket booth is horrendous. Money hungry monopoly. Walt Disney would be disappointed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "(He's not gonna bash disneyland is he? YES he is!)  Let's see... $70 to stand in line all day, with more people than the dmv. Mmm boy. And I don't even get a sticker at the end... And god help you if you're hungry, because a small hotdog (guaranteed to make the smallest child hungry for more) costs $5. You think you'll eat outside the park? HA.. navigation in and out of the park has changed drastically in the last 10 years. No longer is your car right outside--it's about 5 miles away. Pretty soon you'll have to ride a subway (ooh! can it be part of fuckyou-and-all-tomorrow land?) to get back to your car to wait in line to get the hell out... All the little stores nearby are gone, as disney now owns several square blocks around the park. Mickey has become a real greedy sob.  If you really like seeing minimum wage workers dressed up like idiots (what kind of sick bastard are you??), with garish colors all around, why not just go to mcfuckos? The lines are shorter, the food is slightly less shitty, and if your kids are young enough, they won't know the difference.  Well 600 reviews here with an average of 4.5 stars, I might be in the minority... so I'll close with a song...  \"It's a world of lines  it's a world of greed They take you for a ride before you get inside it's a world like wallstreet greed...  The tighter crowds they can pack The more mickey can buy smack, that mouse must be on crack.  First they steal 12 dollars just to park the car, then they swipe 70 more just to scan your thumb, then you stand.......... in................ lines...................  (everybody now!) It's a rip-off afterall, it's a fleecing oh my God! It's a fuuuking ripoff!\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Everyone should checkout Disneyland once in their life, however, just know that the cost of tickets, parking, food and drinks are insane. The park is overly crowded quite often. You spend a good few hours just standing in line to get on a few rides and if you have young kids, that is no fun. Another issue with the park is ride maintenance... waiting for a ride for almost an hour only to be told it is down and needs maintenance... seems to be a normal thing at Disneyland nowadays. The Disneyland from what I remember as a child is clearly gone. The magic is gone. It is an overcrowded place run by overworked high school graduates sheerly at the company's greed for profit. Save your $200-$3000 and go book a family trip to Hawaii. Im sure Mr Disney is rolling over in his grave.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Do know how people can rate this place 4 or 5 stars, the food is TERRIBLE, just junk good or fast food NO HEALTHY at all, rides are mostly for older kids, crazy lines, way too many people, staff is not great. \u00a0Growing up had great memories but this park is need of massive upgrades or start over. \u00a0Legoland is WAY WAY WAY nicer, cleaner, friendly, fun etc etc etc. \u00a0Disney with all your billions, its time to re-invent Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "You haven't experienced disappointment until you've visited Disneyland in the rain. In the cold December rain to be exact.  I am writing this review with a very heavy heart because I do love Disney and have a strong emotional attachment to the brand since I have been a wee child. But after visiting the theme park today I am questioning how equal their loyalty is to longstanding patrons like me.  When my family got to the park it started lightly drizzling. We bought rain coats immediately upon entering the park. The fact that they're made of cheap toxic PVC is abhorrent never mind the steep price tag for sheer junk nevertheless there weren't many or any other options so we were forced to drink the Kool Aid. We were ready to stick it out for the day in the precarious weather with a positive attitude. On our very first ride, the rocket ships at Tomorrrowland we got completely drenched in a torrential downpour. We were cold, soaked and not exactly in the right spirits to continue a joyous day ahead. With children ages 2, 3 and 4, there was a lot of crying, screaming and whimpering going on. A half hour into our park hopping experience, we decided to head home.   On our way out there was a huge deal lineup snaking outside City Hall. We waited for 45 minutes despite the cranky children in tow only to speak with a gentleman who had zero sympathy or desire to appease us. Here we are, close to $1000 in for a day of supposed fun that lasted a mere 45 minutes and there was no redemption. It was just, \"Sorry! We can't control the weather!\" That's just pathetic. From all the money they make in merchandise, residuals and movies, if they had to compensate everyone in the park that day for the rainy experience, how much skin is it off their billionaire backs to do that? Until I fought with customer service for a solid twenty minutes before they appeased me by giving me return admission tickets, I was downright bitter by the lack of consideration, stinginess and desire to accommodate people that go out of their way to support them. It really leaves a poor impression when there is a lack of regard for people. All around me at City Hall people were pleading their cases and some may have succeeded, others not. I am not one to generally count pennies but $1000 spent in 45 minutes without retribution just feels wrong. It makes you wonder just how family friendly Disney really is.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What do I have to say about this place nothing because its the happiest place on earth. Except when you waiting in line for the rides lol that's about is everything else is superb sometimes the park provides events for the whole family to enjoy. You can't go wrong going to this place for reals. wear comfortable shoes and clothing too somedays will be super hot or cold depends on the socal weather.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What can I say, Disneyland is the best! I would definitely recommend the beignets in the French Quarter. The best ride is the California Screamin when it's not under construction!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Wow - it's been 6 years since I've gone to Disneyland and still have no words to describe it, okay a few words... first things first, if you're going to go to Disneyland you have to do it the classy way, pay for a private tour guide. My family and I decided to go that route and boy was it worth it. We have a fairly large family (7 sons, 4 daughters, 1 wife and 3 of my wives sisters who live with us). We knew we wanted to go to Disneyland but knew what the potential difficulties would be. After receiving a 2.7% salary increase vs last year I knew that we had to do this. Anyways, we booked the private tour guide. The second we got into the parking lot I knew it was the right choice. Even though we still had to pay for parking on top of the guide fee and our tickets, the music that was playing in the speakers all throughout the parking lot lights was so magical and instantly brought peace into my life, more than I've ever felt before. Now let me set a disclaimer here- this day landed in September 2013 and it was 117 degrees outside (remember that- it will come in handy shortly). Anyhow, our tour guide was this striking young man called \"Brandon\" from guest relations. He instantly greeted us all with hugs and offered to complimentary water bottles and boy did we need those (hence what I mentioned earlier about the heat that day!) We started off in a private room that had amazing air conditioning and he held a quick formal meeting reviewing what to expect during the day and reassured us that we are going to have the time of our lives. Then we finally started the tour. We were able to go on every single ride that we wanted to go on. Throughout each one \"Brandon\" offered such amazing insight on the history and heritage. He also sang a few of my youngest daughter's favorite Disney songs (Sheryl, age 5 at the time... now 11). \"Brandon\" had us stop at all the food stands and restaurants too and suggested we grab one item from every menu in order to ensure the full Disneyland experience. He really provided great nutritional insight as well to each item. After 12 rides and 16 food stops, we decided to call it a day - especially for my sister-in-law who that night went into labor, docs think it had to do with the spicy corn dogs she ate! Anyways, highly recommend visiting this place if you have a chance. The tour is a must and try to get \"Brandon\" if you can.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Corny and overrated! \u00a0Went back after 25 years to take the kiddos and experienced 2 hour lines;broken attractions after waiting for 45 minutes with only a apology. \u00a0Oh and there's are lines just to get a fast pass. \u00a0 Not to mention the cost for family of four. \u00a0  Far from the happiest place on earth. \u00a0Only highlight was the tower of terror .  I thought coming during holidays would be extra special. \u00a0 Don't do it unless you like wall to wall people 2 hour waits for almost everything. \u00a0I can't believe I paid for this lousy experience. Never again. \u00a0I plan on saving money to travel the real world (vs it's a small world) with my kids.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This review is for the past two times I've visited the park in November 2019 and January 2020.  Pros: - To compare the two visits, it really is worth it to go during off peak. We went a couple days after the holiday decorations were gone and you can definitely tell the park has more spacious. Then again, seeing the Christmas decorations are beautiful. If you're like me, use PhotoPass for your Christmas cards. -I don't know what it is about Disneyland but all the workers are super nice. It's honestly a different magical feel to Disney World and even California Adventure. -Both times I visited it was sunny in the afternoon. Low 90s in November and mid 60s in January. -Our favorite thing was the Christmas Parade and Mickey's Mix Magic fireworks show!  Cons: -It's Disneyland so things are pricey especially the food. I enjoy everything from the Red Wagon corn dogs to the gingerbread Mickey cookie.   Tips: -It's chilly at night so wear layers. Or if you don't want to carry anything buy a hoodie at Emporium. -Get there right before the park opens. If the park is open at 8am get to the main gate at 7:30am. You could be saving yourself 30 minutes just to get in the park even when you get there at opening time.  -If you're there for the rollercoasters get fast passes to Matterhorn and Space Mountain first. Those FP tent to go quickly.  -It's worth it to get MaxPass! -I actually think it's a great idea to guy a Disney gift card to use inside the park. You easily just start swiping for all the snacks and merchandise you want. Getting a gift card give you a limit and you won't have to think twice about going over budget which is definitely doable.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ah the classic Disney. \u00a0It was the perfect day we went on a Thursday, not too many people, but there were some. \u00a0Parking garage is usually very controlled and organized around the first few hours that the park opens. \u00a0The tram also works efficiently and safely, some people are too ignorant to follow directions though which cause waiting times to be extended... Anyway the park itself is a fun time, wish we lived closer so that the annual pass would make sense. \u00a0The prices are meh, I feel like they are a bit excessive, but I mean that's not going to stop me from visiting. \u00a0 Plenty of fun rides and experiences, they are very disabled accessible and help everyone to experience Dis year as best they can.  The characters are around less than I feel like they were when I was a kid, but it could also be because I wasn't actively looking for them. \u00a0Lots of photo opportunities.  Lots of food options, we discovered a Mexican food restaurant near thunder mountain called Rancho del Zocalo, it was great. \u00a0But it's also nice that they aren't too strict about the food items you bring into the park. \u00a0We brought sandwiches, snacks and drinks. \u00a0Of course we had to have a classic dole whip, popcorn, and churros. \u00a0The souvenirs are also more expensive than if you purchase items beforehand on amazon etc. \u00a0 The castle was out of commission, but the light/fireworks show did not disappoint. \u00a0It was fun for all ages. \u00a0 I would definitely recommend anyone who has never been to Disney to at least go once. \u00a0Very memorable.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I wonder what is all the hype about Disneyland LA. They have tried everything under the sun to rip you off. I visited the Disneyland LA this week and here is my experience.  1. Huge queues even on a working day for almost every ride. 2. Not enough rides. 3. Average wait times of more than 30 to 45 minutes. 4. The rides are very average. 5. Extremely over priced restaurants.  6. They stop and close the rides randomly whenever they want to.  7. The tour guides seemed tiered and just wanted to get it done.   Looks like it is a huge marketing hype with absolutely no value in it.  The things that can be improved? 1. They can display information about the wait times of the various rides in display boards.  2. They can display the proper maps which is updated to indicate the closure of roads. 3. Just extending the closing time with out actually extending the times for the rides is no good.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Took my daughter for a mommy and daughter date, for a Sunday, I had expected it to be a bit more crowded but it was actually not too bad I love the app! It's a must if you are riding in the parks, it will make life so much easier. My daughter had a great time, definitely looking forward to going again soon! Don't forget the sunblock!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Super fun place, i believe it when they say that this place is magical. I hope to come back soon !!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Don't get me wrong, I love Disneyland but let's face it the parking situation needs some serious rethinking!! Called to ask why they are rerouting traffic from Mickey and friends parking structure over to Toy Story, hello, \u00a0lets stay in 60min more in traffic to suffer through after driving a ways to get there... sounds like fun to me!! \u00a0Not a fun way to try to get to the Happiest place on earth...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place lives up to it's reputation. We took our two daughters here. It was one of my daughter's birthday. Girls loved every minute of it. The lights show in the evening was the best part. Just make sure you don't go at a very crowded time like long weekend. Fast pass is totally worth it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It truly is the happiest place on earth! Living so far away in Utah is the worst. Get there early and be the first in line, then you can be there for the magical rope drop at 9! \u00a0We walk 10 miles and gain 10 pounds but don't worry because here at Disney none of the calories count. We ride every ride with a fast past in hand. What's there to not love about Disneyland?!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Broken rides , broken trams , cancelled firework shows , employees lack communication. I wouldn't recommend", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So over this place. Every year the wait is longer and longer. Crowds get bigger and bigger and prices go up higher and higher. I'm over it. 3 hour wait when the line says 45 minutes. Disgusted. There is NO GOOD EXCUSE.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Finally got a annual pass. 1st day I got it I experience horrible customer service and had a really bad time. 2nd time being today(5/17/18) a lot of rides I wanted to go to where closed restaurant I wanted to go to was closed. Rude people, and Customer service. I'm NEVER coming back, the mouse can have my money for now but he won't get it again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Beware when you purchase the max pass. You still have to make appointments for the rides you want. You cannot simply go up to any ride and board it without previously making the appointment for a time slotted to you by Disneyland. If you ask me it is not worth it. Also be careful when nonrefundable is included of anything you are purchasing. The Disneyland staff is not trained well enough to cover these specifics with you. The staff is simply trained to sell you anything.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "A bit disappointed in the monorail and staff. I have to say my family was split up for my sons first ride. I would think the staff had the process down.   Why is there not one train to ride into the park from Downtown Disney as a direct only. And one train to ride round trip from in the park? Both drop at the park. Have to say they need a traffic engineer to help with fluency and a customer service retraining on hospitality.   Poor form!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It really is magical. I visited here with my family and it was three generations. We all enjoyed it thoroughly and we went at the best time. To see all the details read it on my blog. How to do Disney in one day with three generations.   <a href=\"/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdearponybolony.blogspot.com%2F2018%2F06%2Fdear-pony-bolony-we-went-to-disney-3.html%3Fm%3D1&amp;s=f2fe65831cc0a6021b215616072f797b0e5a6dcfdbab6d5be8862c5ad697cd3c\" target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow\">dearponybolony.blogspot.\u2026</a>", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Unreal long lines to park, get in and get on rides, an hour line for lunch. Questionable communication with customers. $135 tickets. Only reason it got one star is that zero isn't an option.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is truly the magic kingdom. From the moment I walked in the atmosphere was real different but in a good way. Would definitely come again, also great for kids!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This Disneyland theme park is the best. It has a true magical vibe. I always go with friends or family and it's just super fun everytime!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The people that work there are disgusting. There's a woman by the name of Kaitlin that accompanies Jessie from toy story that doesn't like kids or her job nor does the person under the Jessie suite like kids or her job. My kid is 2 years and 8 months old and was afraid of going close to any of the characters until she saw Jessie and ran up to her with excitement. Kaitlin told us to wait on line to take a picture with her and then thereafter told us that she's cutting the line off on us. I told my child to go ahead and stand next to Jessie and told Jessie that my kid wants to take a picture with you and then Kaitlin PICKED UP MY CHILD AND MOVED HER ASIDE AND SAID NO. Of course I picked up my kid and then Kaitlin and Jessie started running. Btw sometime during this whole ordeal Kaitlin told us that they are walking and we would be lucky if we can catch Jessie to take a picture with her. We walked after them and they kept making rights and lefts to avoid us so that's when we started recording them and got them avoiding my child from taking a picture. They tried to go into some door and my husband held the door opened and told them to call security right now so we can resolve this. It took security and management 40 min to come. All my child kept asking for is to see Jessie. I can't \u00a0believe this even happened to my kid especially at Disneyland. Forget how much it cost cause money is not an issue but the fact that a character would run like that in our faces and told us we would be lucky to get a picture if we caught them was disgusting. That is not how you treat a child and especially in Disneyland. Make a long story short I will never forget this and will even post the video on YouTube. I tried looking for the phone number to human resources for Disneyland and it is not listed. Happens to be that these workers are in a union and this issue will not be dealt with properly so I warn you do not go near this woman of which I posted a picture of, cause there may be a chance she will pick up your child and move him/her aside to get her way. Horrible, disgusting, unbelievable experience I have ever had. If they don't like their jobs they need to move on. Children are too delicate to go through something so disgusting like that. There is no justifying what they did. Disneyland should definitely screen their employees a lot better than that. That's just a disgrace.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland! I have been an Annual Passholder since I was 4, and have not skipped a single year renewing, even as I became an adult. This place, is truly magical. Every once in awhile, I run into a cast member that is not the greatest. But, all of the great times I do have at the park make up for it. I love that I can go visit the park for a few hours and leave. I don't have to worry about planning my whole day out. I really get my money worth, with my pass. I have the signature pass, and I go at least twice a month, but more like 3 or 4 times a month.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Everyone needs to go here before AND after kids. We love seeing the excitement on the kiddos face every time we come and now we're here without them. The new app makes getting on rides easier as well.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Genuinely my favorite place in Southern California.  Every time I walk into the park, whatever the mood I was in, I am delighted and excited and a full on cheesy smile forms across my face! good for adults and children alike", "rating": 5}, {"text": "All I got to say is hell yes. It is so fun for all ages. Makes adults feel like children again. I will even update soon. Since I will be there Saturday.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "do not speak to tim from guest service experience. he does not care about what you have to say. he'll just cut you off and state that the employees are entitled to do as they see fit. i could not even tell him my full story because he kept interrupting me as i tried to explain what had happened. not only that he decided to put me on hold for a good 10+ mins and not even tell me so im just waiting like an idiot on the phone. very disappointed in disneyland. :(", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland has lost another customer. \u00a0Many cast members avoid/ignore you when speaking directly to them. \u00a0Don't even get me started on the prices! People such as Michael Eisner and his successors are assassins of Walt's dreams &amp; visions.   THIS PLACE HAS BECOME THE MONEY PIT OUT OF WHICH YOU WILL NEVER ESCAPE.   For 1 day at Dland, I was able to book a condo at the beach, eat 3 meals &amp; rent water crafts for my wife &amp; I.   NEVER WILL I SPEND ANOTHER DOLLAR HERE EVER AGAIN. \u00a0I'll be passing this message along in hopes to defund that park.  It's time Dland charged $25 admission AGAIN!  What a gouge! \u00a0TOTAL RIP OFF", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I've been going since I was a young kid. I've lived local most my life so it's easy to get there quick. It does take me back to a more fun less stressful time in life. I like how as an adult I can act like a kid again. I worked here for 8 years and learned a lot! I appreciate that much I got from it.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Worst experience to date, I know it's usually packed here but Disneyland always seemed to remedy this somehow. Waited over an hour one ride we used a fast pass for and wasn't even offered a new fast pass. This was the second trip. Not to mention I'm staying at the grand Californian hotel and people are rude here. I'll be leaving a review for them too. Not happy Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is a review for the store, clothiers china closet in Disneyland. My husband bought me a dooney &amp; bourke purse on our last trip a month and a half ago. We came back today to enjoy the park and to exchange the purse he bought me because when I got it home the interior cell phone pocket stitching was unraveling. I called Disney right away and told them we had just bought the purse and upon returning home I noticed the defect. I was told as long as I had the receipt it would not be a problem to exchange it. We attempted to exchange the purse in the same location we originally purchased it, and after talking to the cashier &amp; explaining the situation she got the manager named Renzo. He informed me I would have to mail the purse back to dooney &amp; bourke and there was nothing he could do. My husband pointed out to him that we had purchased an expensive and defective purse and when we bought it we were not told we wouldn't be able to return or exchange through Disney we would have to deal with dooney &amp; bourke, and furthermore Disney should have signs displaying their policy regarding these expensive and non refundable purses. Needless to say this was not the response we expected from Disney and we're disappointed with how we were treated.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I used to love Didneyland. \u00a0 It's so crowded now i have lost my desire to go back. \u00a0We actually stood in line for security for 1 hour. \u00a0Line for corn dog 45 minutes. We got a few Fast Paces and those are the only rides we went on. \u00a0California Advetures seem to be a lot less crowded .", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Before I write this review, I want to point few things out. 1. Don't get me wrong. Disneyland is fun and exciting. 2. Their facility is top of its competitors. 3. Employees(Nick from the food cart, Adrian, Rosie, and Shiloh from Guest relation) all treated us like shit. 4. Fastpass is a useless system with false advertisement.  \u00a0We have visited disneyland on 20th of December around 4 pm. My girlfriend and I had 3-day hopper ticket, and our friend purchased the hopper ticket($199) when we entered.  \u00a0We were having a good time, but an incident happened when we were exiting out of the radiators cars ride. There was a heavy metal door \u00a0that swings for people who are leaving after their ride. My girlfriend was struck by that door, and she felt electric shock on her right leg while she was walking.  \u00a0I asked the food cart employee for a paramedic/help and an employee named Nick came over to help. I told him the situation, and asked for a wheelchair assitance to the first aid. However, he told us that they cannot come to us, because it wasn't a life threatening emergency. Also, he said that since the rest of us are fine, we would have to leave the park, get a wheelchair, and take her to the first aid station. He said it was their POLICY. It was weird, but I said okay, and Asked if he can guide us to that place. But he said he couldn't because he had to stay at his premise, even after I told him that I wont be able to find the place since I'm bad with direction. It took me nearly 30 minutes to find the station. Then, I had to tell the representative the whole situation again. Luckily, they lended me a complimentary wheelchair. I took the wheelchair all the way back to where my Girlfriend was, and then took her to the First Aid station near the entrance. The Nurse was extremely polite, and she told us that we shouldn't have been treated like this, and that I should talk with the guest relations next door. The real problem started here. We went to the Guest Relation, and then POLITELY told them about the situation. However the first rep. Adrian made us wait all this time just to tell us that there wasn't much more they can provide us other than a fast pass, which we already had. I asked if they are any other compensation available, but the response was a cold \"No.\" Then, a representative named Rosie came out, talking to us as if she was the manager. She told us basically this was the only Option, and the other option was leaving the park immediately upon receiving 3 complementary ticket(that excludes peak dates). We paid full prices for our tickets, and our main objective was to see the fireworks during the Christmas season, so having a ticket that had blackout dates was a no use for us. She gave us an extremely rude behavior, and told us that we would either have to \"take it or leave,\" and if we received the complemenary tickets, we would lose all our power to file in our complaints to the guest relations via email. I told her that this was unacceptable, and Refused all of her offers. She stood there for a while, and gave us a look that offended me. Then, she told us to wait, so that she can bring her MANAGER!! After all the fuss, we thought that she was the manager..A lady named Shiloh came out, claiming that she was the manager. She offered us max pass with 2 manager level fast passes along with three complementary pass. We had to accept that offer, but we were escorted out of the park immediately. I had to take my girlfirend to the tram station, make her wait there while I went all the way back to the rental station. Overall, this was the worst experience ever, and I would never use this facility again. PS., if you do experience any problem at Disneyland, do not expect to get any compensation at all.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Folks its Disneyland. \u00a0Yes there will be ridiculously long lines. \u00a0Plan what you can, if you are able to buy an annual pass. \u00a0But it is still the Happiest Place On Earth so enjoy it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "To many people and everything is over priced. Or maybe i just hate people and im really poor!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Completely unreasonable if you ever happen to have technical difficulties with their system and renewing your annual pass. Even after seeing in person the issues we were having the were completely inflexible. Thank goodness we have Legoland not all that far away.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Worst experience ever at Disneyland. I called to buy tickets in advance. They charged me told me to bring cc confirmation # and id at will call to get my tickets. So I got to park around 430. I usually pick them up next to the entrance booth(lost and found area). It was closed. Lost and found lady said go to ticket booth and they can give it to you there. Ok now I waited 45 min (was trying to avoid this). In line a worker asked me what I needed told her about will call , she said ok writes my name on white piece of paper, says give it to ticket person they will know. I give the ticket booth lady the paper , Id, and cc. I tell her I'm here to pick up my tickets. Gave her my name as well as my daughters name. Got tickets off we went. Had a great time. Next day I noticed I was charged twice for tickets. Called Disney got runaround finally was told to email inquiries@disney. Been 4 days and no reply. Worst service ever. The tickets for two was $209. Now it's $418. 209 charged the 14th 209 the 15th. So annoyed and angry. I wish they would at least respond.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I know I'm not a kid anymore, but Disneyland will never get old. That feeling of walking down Main Street as the sun goes down and the lights begin to flicker on is irreplaceable. Taking pictures at the castle with your significant other will still make you feel a thousand miles high. And, holding a hot churro, right after riding Star Tours and taking that first bite will still taste like heaven. No matter times you ride that bumpy, old-school Jeep in Indiana Jones, you will still have fun and tell Indy to jump in before the boulder rolls him over. Disneyland might be changing with higher prices, added attractions, and more festivals, but the experience will always stay magical.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always a great time when we come here, sure it's changed over the years, but it's still miles above and beyond any other them park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Today was my 1st visit to Disneyland and I was soooooooo disappointed and annoyed of the 7 times after waiting in line to enjoy the rides, that they were having \"difficult technical issues\" with the rides. Disneyland makes tons of money, these types of \"issues\" should not occur. Another thing that took me by surprise was the souvenir cup, \u00a0it's pricie in deed, \u00a0and to add insult to injury, they do not offer refills, what kind of bullshit is that? I will never ever visit Disneyland ever again. I DO NOT RECOMEND DISNEYLAND TO ANYONE. THEIR TICKET PRICES ARE OUTRAGEOUS AND EVERYTHING IS SO OVERPRICED. I am done and over this place. The worlds worst place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Never in my life have I had such about experience with Disneyland I've been a pass holder for over 20 years. In the last 3 to 5 months I have been lied to given incorrect information laughed at hung up on. And I still haven't got what I need the passive aggressive I'm sorry I'm so sorry is ridiculous. I'm a pass holder and the path that I have is not offered any more so I know what they're up to and what they're trying to do this has been the most disgusting experience I've ever had with Disneyland I'm pretty much done. You charge too much money to not have correct information add to have a nasty attitude with a smile on your face.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Rats in a maze, but theres no Cheese. Midway Mania, the line was the real ride. How to go from breakfast to lunch in one line.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'll start by saying I am a vet a paraplegic that was injured overseas my first experience at Disneyland was or terrible I am a paraplegic of 20 years and if you think this place cares about your disability think again I complained and was turned away by covering each other's back and leading me to ends my birthday was a ruined of this year the 21st of September me and my fiance attended and was treated very unfair once again this place only treats you as a dollar bill and nothing else they have no consideration for your disability there are only 10 disability spots in this entire parking garage and as you try to find resolutions \u00a0they turn you away my first and last time visiting this disgusting place and keep in mind they have signs warning you that there are harmful chemicals throughout this business what a wreck there's nothing magical about Disney land.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I went to Disneyland with my son from Oregon to show him the time of his life and it was a total bummer. We were there for 9 hours and we rode four rides. We were just walking around with literally 600,000 thousand people. You want to go ride the monorail? 45 minutes. You want to go ride Indiana Jones? Hour and a half . You \u00a0want to go to Space Mountain? We waited 2 hours only to find out it was broken. Fastpass? What a joke...we planned it out just as they recommend- - but do the math! \u00a0There are just to many people for everybody to get in a handful of rides ...People act like this is acceptable! \u00a0DISNEY is so greedy letting so many people in. \u00a0I see a lot of positive reviews on Yelp. I can tell you this we talked to a lot of people and everybody we talked to was angry. Even the line to complain about took 40 minutes. \u00a0Give me a break Disneyland. You may con 600,000 suckers into going to your park everyday of the week---But you won't get another dollar from me.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My absolute favorite theme park. Came here on Wednesday August 15th. It was by far the best day to come. Barely anyone was at the park. We arrived later than I would have liked too, arriving at 1pm and stayed until 9pm. It turned out to be perfect because the park was pretty slow. We went on over ten rides and the only one that was long was \"Matterhorn\"....which is one of my favorites. I definitely recommend coming mid week while kids are in school. I love Disneyland so much I'm strongly thinking of getting annual pass. Doesn't matter what age you are, you are guaranteed to have an amazing time. Music playing, everyone smiling and all the workers so nice and kind. Looking to back during the holidays which is always a great time because of the lights and beautiful parade.  Some tips for your visit :) Parking $25 One day park tickets $149 Bring some cash for the smaller kiosks for snacks Food at the restaurants is pretty expensive so try to have one hardy meal before entering park.... The restaurants offer free water...just go in and ask and they have them pre made which is cool, considering how expensive everything is. With that being said it's worth it! You will have an amazingly magical day!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I was offered a refund on the balance of my annuals passes back in July which I opted to accept. \u00a0On July 15, 2020 I filed for the refund with Disney over the phone. \u00a0I was told by the customer service person, Rebecca Lynn, I should see my refund back on my Disney credit card within 60 days. \u00a0Both annual passes were paid for in full at the time of purchase. \u00a0I have called numerous times for status on my refund and no one can give me status. \u00a0It will be 4 months in a couple of weeks that I have been waiting for my refund. \u00a0That is a ridiculous amount of time to process my request. \u00a0Extremely unhappy with Disneyland", "rating": 1}, {"text": "All I have to say is Disney has the worst customer service and manners I have ever seen for a business that claim they want to give a magical experience. Also for a business who claim they love their customers they sure do treat them like trash and all they care about is the money in your pocket. #disneylandworstplaceonearth", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My favorite park of all time! It bringsss you your childhood memories.. I will be back for next time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Haven't been here for 19 years, crowded as usual, visited California Adventure for the first time and spent 3 wonderful days", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I purchased monthly passes in September and became ill in November and have not visited the park since due to my illness. I tried calling 3 different times to be sent to a voicemail with no returned call. I just called again and told the guy I do not have the money to keep my pass as I'm on disability and I physically cannot go. He told me that there's absolutely nothing he can do and he gave me an email address \u200d Seriously hate that Disney can get away with something like this", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Family fave place after Disney World. \u00a0What can I say? \u00a0So much to do, eat, see, shop, etc. \u00a0we go every year and it's better every time. \u00a0The rides are fun but the shopping is my fave. \u00a0Yes it gets crowded but if you have some patience and know what you are getting into, you'll have fun. \u00a0It's the happiest place on earth right?", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This was our first time at Disneyland Park, we heard great \u00a0stories and reviews about this park so we decided to try it out. Everything was good up until we went on the Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. We were in line, we had a party of 7, 4 of our group went into the ride and 3 of us that were remaining stayed behind ( note: \u00a0it was our first time we do not know how it works) Christopher an employee told us to still wait in line? We took 4 steps and then he calls a party of 3 behind us to go in the ride, when we were there before them. I then confront him \u00a0and tell him why he lets other people go first. His response surprised me and made my \"Wonderful\" first time experience get RUINED. He states \" it's because you already took 4 steps forward\" Seriously? You're the one that told me to do it? To top it off we had our \"First timers badge\" If you are trying to go to Disneyland make sure you don't run into him if you do, be prepared to have your \"Wonderful First Time Experience\" ruined. Overall rude staff, unprofessional and disrespectful.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I don't think anyone can beat the happiest place on earth! I got the annual pass to get my steps in daily. I love to go inside Disneyland to eat and then walk it off. Great food, beautiful scene, great company and good for my health.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Food so salty, I don't like to waste food, I told the server to make sure the cook understands that the food is really salty. \u00a0I have high blood pressure, not good for my health eating salty beef bread bowl!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Customer service is really going down hill. Don't know if I will make it back here for awhile. Rides kept going down as well.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am furious with Disney! \u00a0I purchased three day hopper passes and I currently have one day left of use. \u00a0Unfortunately, I misplaced my ticket but I have all of my information in regards to purchasing it. \u00a0I contacted guest services and explained my dilemma and asked if I provide all the necessary documents and my ID. \u00a0The girl on the phone pretty much said, no we can't help you because we treat it like cash if you lose it or it's stolen you can't get it back. \u00a0She said you can try, but there is no guarantee. \u00a0I find that statement ridiculous, since I paid for the tickets and I am willing to show the necessary documents to prove they are in fact my tickets that I purchased. \u00a0Someone needs to be more accommodating in guests services to those that are paid customers.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "From shows to attractions &amp; food! You can have it all at Disneyland! I have a 8 month old and we enjoyed it, he was able to ride on certain attractions! More than i thought he could! I ended up getting the annual pass since my baby loved it! The whole family had fun! Can't wait for more Disney adventures.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Had a good time but a worker named Scott was being very rude and disrespectful other than that the park was crowded and good lines are a bit long but fun", "rating": 1}, {"text": "TOO EXPENSIVE! Poor Quality of service. They offer NO discounted rates even when several rides are down. \u00a0Food quality is average at best, with extremely high prices. Sad to say but Disney is SO COMMERCIALIZED that Customer Service is of NO concern. Not everybody has so much spare cash to just go for one day. ADD the ridiculous parking fees on top and you have poor management. I'm SURE I WON'T be going bach again, IF EVER. \u00a0It's just not that great for the expense. \u00a0SO SAD.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "we had a fast pass to cars and a return time for pirates and we decided to kill time by going on the haunted mansion and we could not because it's not wheel chair accessible and we couldn't get a return time to come in from the back because we had to use the one for pirates first. So we were left waiting for 20 min outside the back side of pirates. Not cool", "rating": 1}, {"text": "For me, this truly IS the Happiest Place On Earth.   \"Laughter is timeless, imagination has no age, dreams are forever.\"  -Walt Disney", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Ive had a pass my whole live grew up in side the park basically, nothing but un and new rides and uPdates all the time id recommend a pass if you live in California it is worth it! Workers are so nice and park is so immersive its great. Also food is amazing I recommend trying everything if ur open to it and have the time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I LOVE Disney, it's such a great place to hang out and have some fun, I would definitely recommend getting an annual pass if you live near by because all the hidden gems in disney itself is totally worth everything! Also, start pin trading! its such a cute little mini game inside of Disney itself and makes everything so much more fun.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "They allow way too many people in the park it is packed like sardines!!!! I mean really you can't even breath and people bump into you everywhere and adults dress like children- everybody's in costume nowadays it's hot crowded expensive and people are spending money like they have money to burn on silly souvenirs they'll never use again. \u00a0i'm just sour because when I was a child it was not like this at all adults dressed like adults, things were reasonable, park wasn't as crowded and I have good memories now when I go in there I get the creeps and my daughter is exhausted from the people pushing her around rides they have to wait for an hour to get on. \u00a0Oh and the steak gumbo they recommend is horrific! \u00a0Literally 2 tablespoons of food and a whole bread bowl..I'd rather go fishing", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love Disneyland, it's such a great place to be with your family. The holidays are always special the Disney imagineers always exceed expectations! Would recommend to everyone!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Huge shout out to Carl driving the jungle cruise, best jungle cruise I've ever riden his thinking was impeccable. \u00a0Being punny is an art form regardless of \"scripted\".  Also bravo to Jay working Darth and Kylo. His interaction with the crowd was spot on as was his Star Wars knowledge.   Well done super fun!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I recently had went to Disneyland and it was Awesome!! I do highly recommend getting the Disneyland app for the wait times. Some waits can be higher than 120 minutes likes radiator springs racers. Others can be like 30 minutes. I also recommend trying the regular churros!! They're so tasty and warm. They would make the perfect snack!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Where dreams come true! Disneyland is the place to be to forget about life and become a kid at heart all over again I always feel so magical yet relieved from my stress whenever I go to Disney land.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It doesn't matter how much you pay for the fast pass , you will still wait 40 minutes to 1 hour per ride , it is always packed , \u00a0they should put a limit on how many visitors they allow per day. If you are lucky you get to ride 3 to 4 rides in one full day. We paid a lot of money for tickets and paid extra for fast pass, we spent the whole day in lines which are not shaded , we got tired and dizzy from the sun after 2 rides . Horrible place.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great place to bring the kids. Back in my day Disneyland used to be less expensive but everything in Los Angeles has become expensive. We had a fantastic day, lines were long but when aren't they? I suggest getting the fast pass so you save yourself time specially when you are already spending so much money the extra cost doesn't hurt.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Came here during the Halloween Celebration and it was just a blast. Main Street was decked out entirely in the Halloween theming. If you're a fan of The Nightmare Before Christmas, Disneyland is the place to be. There were Jack and Sally items as well as the characters just strolling around taking pictures. And boy, did they draw a crowd when they came by. But my favorite items were the Zero the dog plushes that were being. The best part was the Halloween overlay for the Haunted Mansion. The interior and exterior seemed like it was pulled from the movie. It was awesome. I wasn't the only one who thought so since the line to go to the ride grew exponentially big within a few hours after Disneyland opened. The new Halloween theming also included new Halloween themed food items like the Halloween themed churro, Pumpkin Spice Churro and a Poison Apple souvenir cups. I spent 3 days here at the park and stayed the entire 12 hours that the park was open and totally had a blast. If you're a fan or just curious to come to the park it's totally worth it", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Too many tickets sold in one day changes the magical to the maniacal with 3 hour waits in line with Toddlers or young kids who are imagining a wonderful Princess experperince. Walt would wilt and the original idea of a Fantastic day is no more. Its just pushing more people into a formerly Fab space and being blind to the disappointment.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney cares about money only and doesn't give a damn about their customers. \u00a0We are annual pass holders \u00a0and are trying to get out 2 children upgraded to the same Southern California passes. \u00a0Apparently Disney won't allow our two children to get the same so cal pass that we have. \u00a0How the hell are our children supposed to go with us. \u00a0We called the annual pass number and to talk to a supervisor, you have to leave a message and have someone call you back. \u00a0What kind of shit is that? A billion dollar company doesn't have any customer service resolution? \u00a0Needless to say, our family and all relatives will be boycotting Disney. \u00a0It's all about money nowadays. \u00a0If I want customer service Disney isn't on my list anymore", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If you live in the area, get the annual pass, they unfortunately discontinued the SoCal pass and offer the SoCal Select. The SoCal pass gives you more days and is slightly cheaper than the SoCal select. But if you're on a budget the SoCal select is a great alternative.  In any event if you get a pass you don't have to worry about wait times and wanting to rush to clear the entire park in one visit.  There is so much to do, so much to see and their constant changing menus, sweets and treats make coming back a must. If you like Disney and the world this company has created.  The park is contante y growing and adding attractions, as a whole we would only come when out or the area family would visit or on very social occasions, now that I can get my own pass I'm here at least once a month and get great use of my AP.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "everything is overpriced and too many people and the rides aren't even worth standing in line for cause they will always be there i grew out of disney by 2009 it got boring going on all the exact same rides for almost a decade and i'm glad i won't pay those ridiculous ticket prices i would rather spend my money at Universal, Knotts,seaworld or six flags", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We love disneyland i know the crowds sometimes are huge but yet who doesnt love disneyland my kid and i enjoy ourselves we try to at least go once a week... thank you Walt disney for making such an enjoyful place... we cant wait to go back", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland!!!! I love this place!!!!! If you don't bring your children at least once you suck as a parent....lol everything about this place is awesome except the cost for parking and entry but it is a amusement park and they are there to take your money...lol", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I know this is the happiest place on earth but what would make it even happier is if the Heads at DL would go back to using two-ply toilet paper at the park restrooms. At some point someone made the executive decision to go with the way cheaper One-ply tissue. The joke is on them though because you have to unwind twice as much toilet paper to do the job! \u00a0Thus taking twice as long to use each stall making the lines for the restroom even longer for women. And we all know what that means. We are waiting so long in the restroom lines we can't go shopping for all those much needed souvenirs. So if your wondering why those trinket sales are down here's why!! \u00a0You would think that the ever rising cost of a DL ticket rises they could afford the normal toilet paper that everyone uses. Geeeze.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "They been advertising the new attraction rise of the resistance \u00a0for months only to tell you there are no more boarding passes for the days you bought tickets for.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What is there not to love about Disneyland, other than the prices maybe...but if you can get over that, you absolutely get a memorable and unique vacation for your money! If you have some flexibility on your vacation timing and can stay away from summer, you won't spend your time waiting in 90-120 minute lines, which no one really wants to do. We've been here many times and I continue to be impressed with how they keep the park fresh and exciting. There are some staple rides that don't change (and shouldn't), but there are also new surprises awaiting us with each visit.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I will never get to old for this magical place! I absolutely love Disneyland because you're not the same person once your inside.Your an adult and a kid at the same time.We usually come here during their magical seasons.Disneyland to me has the same mystique at 42 as it did when I was 15.My only negative is that Disneyland needs to somehow find a way to control their crowds for weekends during the 3 major holidays....I realize it's a business but a cap on tickets maybe. Please don't over sell tickets and lose your identity by doing so. It's crazy now but we still have Star Wars land coming soon so we'll see how Disneyland makes the visit for us weekend warriors enjoyably the same as it's been in days past! But I cant go without saying I come here annually during Halloween! So fun when Paired with HHN!   There is nothing about Disneyland that most of you guys don't already know. This place is amazing, magical,fun, simply a great time everyeverytimetime. Already looking forward to next year as we're going to switch it up a little by going during The Christmas celebration for the first time.I'm familiar with their Halloween foodie creations but not their Christmas offerings as that'll be something to look forward to.  I will come here annually till I no longer can.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "People use the word \"magical\" to describe Disneyland and I feel this is the most accurate description. We have five kiddos and each time we have reached a 4th birthday, we take them to Disneyland to celebrate. We feel this is a perfect age because children who were once too young to appreciate the magic, much less be able to last through all the stimulation of the park, seem to come alive and live up to their fullest birthday enjoyment potential at 4 years old. It's an amazing thing to see, and yet the park is so well done, I believe it allows us ALL to experience the awe and magic through the eyes of a four year old.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always the BEST experience. \u00a0Disneyland has everything from dining, cleanliness and entertainment, down to a T! Disney is always our first choice for vacation!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I've been coming to Disneyland since I was very little and I've always loved everything about Disneyland. \u00a0The rides were always amazing, such as The Incredi Coaster and Guardians of the Galaxy. \u00a0Also, the food is always amazing, Dole Whip and the churros are always the best!  Some tips for people coming to Disneyland: come very early in the morning, because the park isn't very crowded right at the opening. \u00a0Also, get the Disneyland app, so you can hook your pass up and get fast passes online. \u00a0Some rides that you should fast pass are Indiana Jones, Guardians of the Galaxy, Incredi coaster, Big Thunder, and Space Mountain.   Disneyland always holds a very special place in my heart and never fails to disappoint me. \u00a0I highly reccomend coming to Disneyland to see what it's like to have special moments.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I use to go to Disneyland 3 times a year since I was a kid (Living in Washington State). Now that I am older I don't get to go as often but I wish I could! While living in Connecticut I went to Disneyworld but it just can't compare.   I love Disney!  Some tips: Dress up the whole family, arrive at the gates first and your more likely to get chosen to open :). Make an itinerary for rides. I rarely wait more than 30 minutes for anything because I plan things down to the letter. It's ok to miss out on park time for a nap and it will make the experience better if everyone is rested. :)  Living in Hawaii now but still visit. Last trip was with my son :).", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's been years since I been coming here! I love everything about Disney from the rides to the desserts! Beside the lines and when it's super packed! I do recommend their Fast Pass App on Disney. I believe it was $10 more for the Fast Pass ( plus with the ticket price) but it is worth it! My boyfriend and I got the Park Hopper with the Fast Pass and we were able to go to more rides and timely organize ourselves for the next one. I hate waiting in long lines so it was helpful! I remember back then the Fast Pass was free but now, it's different.  Parking is around $15 a day and don't forget to write down where you parked on your iPhone or Android notes or give someone that role to remember. You don't want to be that person who has to look through all parking lots for their car.  Rides, well for Disneyland, the ones with the longest lines are the Space Mountain, Matterhorn, Indiana Jones, and Haunted Mansion.  For food, my favorites are the Chicken Skewers that are by Indiana Jones and desserts from Main St or by the Tiki Room.  Overall, just try to go onto as many rides as you can, hug the Disney Characters, watch the parades or the last show at the Castle, and eat delicious Disney food!  Don't forget to bring sunscreen because you will get tanned from all that walking!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love this place! Always a great time! \u00a0I usually go during the week so the lines are shorter!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always a magical experience when we come here. Get there right when the gates open and head to get some beignets.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth, however its tough to get around at night during parades and they kill the lights so its definitely a given that you will run into someone or run over someones foot with your stoller or whatever.. However the kids love the place, and I remember coming here when I was a kid and I loved coming here. So its a win win situation for the kids, tougher on us parents cause we have to drive here, park, and take 20,000 steps! great work out, I like to eat almost everything here I wish there was a steak house in both parks and served drinks in every corner but that's just asking for too much..", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is by far the best theme park on the planet. The name speaks for itself ITS DISNEYLAND! Who doesn't like Disney! The park is always pristine! I'm so happy and blessed to be able to bring my daughter here all year round. There's no where else that you can experience the magic that Disney has", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Overall great experience. Every employee I delt with was show ready and went above and beyond for me !", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I cant believe such idiotic people including the manager for guest services for there!! Amazing. I purchased tickets over the phone and when I call back they lost my info on file while I had $239.00 charge on my bank. The manager told me wait a few days and the payment will drop and get reversed. LOL I find out later through a helpful lady who is just a guest service phone person that somebody had my area code inputted wrong in the systems and was too lazy to look me up through my credit card. Dumb people shouldn't work there.  -Daniel D Shin", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Employees are good at their job and they help  Out when we need help. And also my sister works there.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Today they went above and beyond. My wife's iPhone separated from her body on the Incredicoaster so we reported it to the ride operator and at Lost and Found. They said we could check back tomorrow to see if it was found. Less than an hour later they called to say the ride operator was able to get in and recover it. Thanks to everyone involved!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What a terrible day at Disneyland yesterday. Upon entering an employee at the gate told me my 2 year old needs a ticket... He is a tall two year old, and he doesn't need a ticket. I have been coming here my whole life and it wasn't like this before. We are annual pass holders and the past 5 times we have used our pass this year we have had a similar experience. The first time I complained to the \"city hall\" \u00a0and they were just as rude and unhelpful.   Once we were in we stopped to get coffee at the market house. Avoid this Starbucks at all costs. The employees are extremely rude, especially for Disneyland! I waited over 15 minutes in line with a toddler, when we finally approached the register to order our cashier just walked away without saying a word (not even hello) and never came back! After waiting a while I asked other employees if she is coming back, since many people who were behind me have now ordered and I still haven't been helped. The employees were extremely rude and made no effort to take my order or remedy the situation. We left, with no coffee, and another bad experience. We went to a kiosk and was able to get a coffee in literally one minute. It was cold and tasted terrible, but at that point it was better than nothing, and the employee was suprisingly kind to us. I am still in shock over this experience and how these other employees are behaving, and that it is permitted.   We watched another group of employees chasing baby ducks with their brooms. This was cruel and they chased the wrong babies to the wrong mom ducks. If you know birds, the mom will usually try to KILL the foriegn baby to protect its own, you idiots. This was right next to the storybook ride where many children were watching this baby duck get attacked. The employees didn't stop either! Call animal control next time, unbelievable...  In past 10 years Disneyland has completely gone downhill, the only polite employees continuing to uphold what Disneyland is supposed to be about are the older employees. They were the only \"cast members\" being polite. As employees working customer service jobs this needs serious impovement. I have been in sales a long time and am just shocked at what these employees are getting away with, this is supposed to be the happiest place on Earth and these employees are not that or representing it in any way. I overheard almost every employee complaining to each other when we passed by... What happened to you Disneyland?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "They start by \"Have a Magical Day\" what a day.... Power Outage at 10Am until 3 Pm ,18 rides down...20 minutes to buy popcorn for the hungry kids...  So we just decided to come back another day , we headed to the city hall for reclamations, refunds where we spent 4.30 HOURS in line! When you ask if they offer any sort of compensation , that dumb clerk Kelly tells you that your REFUND for the 4.30 in queue is your compensation...  Never had to wait so much in line and not have a single rides....  I understand it is crowded for Xmas, what i dont is that they still let people coming in the park and dont let them know anything about the power outage ...   Have a Magical Day in line", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Cant wait to get my season pass. It was great time with my bae. To avoid long line, get ur fast pass or join singer rider line if they have it. So much faster  The incredibles roller coaster is amazing. Love it", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If I had an annual pass I would make use of it. Don't need me to tell you how incredibly amazing Disneyland is! See you soon Disneyland! Space mountain is hands down the best ride there!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland! There might be tons of people but there is so much to see! Its an amazing place to spend time with your loved ones &amp; its absolutely beautiful", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My daughter is super excited, she is \u00a0year old and first time in Disneyland , always is talking about the princess definitely we come back", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The first and last time.I came with high expectations. To have then crushed by long lines. Hours wait times for the three rides that we got on. This was a Wednesday!!! 100 bucks to ride three rides is unexplainable!!! Thank you Disneyland for not making my dreams come true!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Terrible customer service. They make we wait forever for stars wars until my turn they said ok we close. So we pay a lot for the tickets and my boys so sad to going home. We have number for boarding group too but doesn't work. Why we have to come so early to get the boarding group number and we can't getting. I'm so upset today. I hate it. They just want to make the money they don't care customers feelings. I learn more from them. Disneyland terrible service.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Always a great time in Disney even better when you go without the kids. \u00a0Wish they had the magic bands like at Disney world. \u00a0The app seemed a bit buggy but no biggie there again had a great time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So crowded but my family had a wonderful time here, the kids are really enjoyed and spent the great time with all the characters that they're loved", "rating": 5}, {"text": "EXPENSIVE! \"Value\" for your money...PRICELESS! That's RIGHT Mouseketeer's...Disneyland Resorts ARE the HAPPIEST places on earth! Period, end of story...love it or leave it! Year after year we make at LEAST one trek to this place in Anaheim, CA to revel in our own Epicureanism! And it's worth every penny. Parking at this point is $25 per day (preferred parking is more). Tickets start at $140 per day (at the ticket booth). If your good with that, then GO and once you're in the Park...LET GO, RELAX, and FORGET ALL YOUR WORRIES! The Rides, the Atmosphere, the Food, the Cleanliness, the incredible sculpted Plantings and all those FABULOUS Disney Team Members will take your breath away! The BEST part...just BEING there...the worst part, LEAVING! It can be crowded, so do your due diligence on-line before hand. We have NEVER had the experience where we were disappointed due to the amount of people in attendance. Blackout days WILL BE CROWDED...that's why they are \"Blackout days\"! Be sure to stay long enough to enjoy the evening FIREWORKS (SPECTACULAR and EVERY night)! Planning 6 months to a year in advance is your best bet. As soon as we leave and get home from a wonderful Disneyland Vaca, we are planning the next visit. This week, in this Yelper's humble opinion, Disneyland has earned this \"highly recommend\" 5 Star review!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Since most people complain about the crowds, the best time to visit Disneyland is in January or February on a weekday that isn't a holiday (like Presidents Day or MLK Day). Its sometimes cheaper to go in January and February since most people want go when the kids are out of school in the summer break, winter break or spring break (or weekends or holidays). The only competition a Disney park has is another Disney park somewhere else in the world. It's expensive but it's a one of a kind experience.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Rip Off, overpriced, dirty, and not a pleasant place to go. \u00a0With the price increase you would think they would improve things. \u00a0The bathrooms are nasty, gas station bathrooms are cleaner. \u00a0Food, nasty and over priced. \u00a0Rides, to short. \u00a0Why do people want to pay for this over priced amusement park is beyond me. \u00a0It is an amusement park for goodness sakes, not mecca. \u00a0I say boycott, and see if Disney changes their tune and pricing.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The best of the beat would highly recommend it. Really fun place to take your family and it really is the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney is the epitome of an experiential brand. There is no way I could give them anything lower than 5 stars because they have made every single experience I've had here completely MEMORABLE and MAGICAL.   I realized this a little extra this trip because I had just come from a cruise with my friends where that company treated me more like a bank account than a person. They were trying to rip me off and nickel and dime me for every little thing. Employees were rude, pushy, and annoying.  CONTRAST that with coming to Disney the next day and it was such a breath of fresh air. There were multiple employees that went out of their way to make sure we were having a special experience.   For example, we were celebrating my friend's birthday this week. They gave us all special Happy Birthday buttons to wear and employees all around the park wished my friend a happy birthday. One time we were waiting in line for Jungle Cruise and a friendly worker named Matt pulled our party out of the line and put us at the front as a birthday gift. I KNOW, RIGHT?!?   I could go on and on, but I will just end with this.  I LOVE DISNEYLAND.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I mean it's Disneyland!!   If you're a crazy wild rollercoaster nut, you won't get many at the Dland, but you get theming and great story.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Wonderful sightseeing at the theme parks! Although crowded with lots of people, my daughter had an amazing time riding \u00a0the ferris wheel, the seven dwarfs mine train, and the roller coaster. Also, it was nice \u00a0getting inside the haunted mansion and exploring the tarzan's treehouse.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have been coming here for years now and so much has changed. Tower of Terror went from a Hollywood Hotel with a broken elevator to Guardians of the Galaxy. Space Mountain changed from a space trip to a Star Wars battle against the Empire called Hyperspace Mountain. Disney even added a Star Wars place called Galaxy's Edge. This time of year they even have their Christmas stuff up. The castle is so pretty at Christmas as well.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "10/10 WILL break the bank but we do what we gotta do because it's DISNEYLAND! This trip was my first time seeing Star Wars land and WOW. INCREDIBLE. Walking through this part of the park is truly breathtaking. It's even more fun if you're with someone who's a die hard Star Wars fan so you can watch them geek out over everything. If you want to check out the newest ride: Rise of the Resistance OR check out the cool bar Oga's Cantina, make sure to plan ahead. Both of these require reservations. The bar reservations can be made up to 60 days in advance. This was irritating to me, but hopefully by the next time I'm back, it will have died down a bit. The rest of Disneyland is still just as amazing as always. Upgrading yoUr ticket to maxPass for $15 a day is totally worth it in my opinion. All the professional photos you can have taken throughout the park will be uploaded to your Disney app, and you can download them to your phone. You can also reserve fastpasses for rides through the app, instead of having to take your paper ticket to the ride and scan it to get a fast pass. Saves a lot of time, and you don't have to plan as much", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is ever changing, and ever growing!!!  Yes, my family and I love this place, but here are the areas we think could be improved:  (1) Fast pass for the Mickey and Friends tram. Dude seriously, I know they added the new parking structure and all but the way the traffic is handled really sucks. \u00a0I mean I asked about can I just go to this empty lot and wait and they said \"no\" you have to go with the rest of these sheep and go down this maze of tram wait-ees. \u00a0Then as soon as I pass the girl, she starts waiving people in the exact same lot I wanted to go to!!! \u00a0Huh??? \u00a0Did I miss something? \u00a0And they got to load before we did!!!!!!  (2) Main Street Electrical Parade. \u00a0Have any of the light cars been updated since the first ever parade? \u00a0I didn't see a single new character. \u00a0I mean, I get that majority of the audience is older (and it's the stuff they grew up with) and with their kids, but when my kid asking for buzz, woody, Wall-E, Ralph, toy story characters, and all the latest characters that their generation knows... well I don't know what to say.... \u00a0ooh yeah and on that American flag tribute on last light float, why are the soldiers dressed in red? \u00a0The red ones were Britain (\"red coats are coming\"). They should be blue. Just a thought.   (3) Standing on the Main street curbs for the fireworks. \u00a0I think it's the way it said that bothers me. \u00a0Yes we know we're waiting for fireworks. Yes we know there's more people behind us but it's not our fault we're all tired and just want to sit for 10 minutes before the fireworks starts. \u00a0I was gonna stand anyway. \u00a0And why didn't you also tell the other lady who is 25 and has no kids. \u00a0You see me struggling to keep my kid from crying but yet I need to stand up 25 minutes before the pyrotechnics start?... \u00a0  (4) Minnie's House. This was actually pointed out by my 4 year old daughter. \u00a0Why is Mickey's house so much more elaborate and full of maze awesome things and has a movie screen to get to Mickey, but Minnie's has none of that and we take the picture with her outside? \u00a0Minnie's line usually longer than Mickey's and her wait is longer... \u00a0as my kid says, \"I don't get it dad?\" \u00a0 Maybe my kid is a savant...  Here's what we loved:  (1) EVERYTHING!!!!! \u00a0When both my kids say they love this place... that's the goal! \u00a0 I came to this place for the first time when I was 14 and it was unbelievable. \u00a0But coming here again with my kids is really magical! \u00a0 To see their faces is what makes it worth the crazy ass price. \u00a0That's why we only come 3-4 times a year with the military pass.   (2) Disney App! \u00a0So glad you have this! \u00a0Being able to make food reservations and order mobile food is a game changer!!!!  (3) Your employees!!! \u00a0They are super helpful and never seem to be upset or bothered by any question!!! \u00a0Hopefully they are being well compensated. \u00a0  (4) Parking! \u00a0So easy to find and easy to maneuver around in. \u00a0Don't like that I'm being charged additional money to park after I just dropped a months groceries budget, but my kids are happy for the time here.   Overall, this place is great. Love the growth, love the creativity and thoughtfulness that it takes to make it happen everyday. \u00a0  Seriously, upgrade Minnie's house though, and establish fast passes for the tram.... \u00a0 hahaha.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Sadly, Disneyland is not what it once was despite the massive increase for the cost of tickets.  The park security forces you into a pat down after riffling through every inch of your person and belongings, then let's a security dog sniff you like a piece of meat, and even take it one step further by forcing you to submit to a close-up photograph in order to enter the park. \u00a0All of these protocols seemed a trifle excessive.  When we asked why our photograph was taken at the gates (which, by the way is a perfectly reasonable question), we were told that we could \"go home\" because the park is, \"private property and 'we' can do whatever we want.\" \u00a0  Well, that most certainly is NOT the welcome I have become accustomed to upon arrival in years passed. \u00a0The woman who was talking at us could not have been less patient or rude and came off as extremely threatening.  As we continue throughout the park we are stopped by a park employee asking for our time to participate in a survey - we both are answering her questions but she refuses to acknowledge anything that come out of my mouth and acts as if I'm literally not there. \u00a0It was the rudest thing I've ever experienced. \u00a0I asked her why she was refusing to acknowledge me and she again ignored me! The employee told my friend that 'she' was the randomly selected guest for the survey, not I... are you fucking kidding me?  The worst was when we saw a large man who was in a Disney uniform (white shirt and blue shorts) scolding a very young child for crying. \u00a0The child's parents were completely baffled as to where this park employee even came from and why he had his finger in their child's face. \u00a0  The father ended up telling the guy to get lost and told the employee he didn't appreciate what he was doing. \u00a0The father was actually cool, calm and collected, and certainly was much classier about it than I would have been. \u00a0The park employee scared the kid even more, of course. \u00a0  Correct me if I'm wrong, but don't all kids cry frequently over little things? \u00a0Most times they hardly require a reprimand and especially one from someone who works at a theme park? IDK. \u00a0It was certainly uncomfortable to watch it happen, that I do know.   The staff is very unpleasant, the park is dirty (bottles and trash floating in the pond at the castle, trash all over Main St., trash the in the flower beds...) much of the parks landscaping was in desperate need of attention and that really shocked us.  The food we ate was completely unpalatable aside from the churros. :/  We planned on staying until around 8:00 p.m., but we're SO put off by how consistently rude and unwelcoming the staff was, we left after only two hours.  Terribly, terribly disappointing. \u00a0For twenty-five years I've had a great time coming to the park. \u00a0Have so many happy memories from childhood and tween years, and even adult years, too. \u00a0I'm afraid at a certain point, all good things must come to an end.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I would feel silly giving Disneyland anything less than five stars because I love being a kid again.   However, holy crap, the Monday after Thanksgiving was insane!! We waited in lines was the summary of our trip lol. I expected some lines but nothing could have prepared me for the crowd that was present. It was too much tbh.   I remember the Disney of yesteryear where kids ruled. Now it seems it's mostly adults geared up and shoving kids to get in line first and the best parade seating. Look, I'm all for everyone enjoying the park but seriously people, I watched COUNTLESS adults disregard the little kids around them for their own gain. It was kinda sad.   As for the 9.00 balloons I guess only the wealthy enjoy the park. 100pp to get in, 9.00 balloons, 5 dollar bottles of water...... wow Disney what happened?!? \u00a0  We are fortunate enough that we are able to enjoy the entirety of the park but I saw so many people who were not.   We love Disney and will visit again, mid week in the winter lol. And yes we will be buying 9.00 balloons, Mickey ears and 5.00 water.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Why go?  Disneyland is the ultimate \"the king has no clothes\" experience.   There is nothing to this place. \u00a0Nothing. \u00a0  The rides are shockingly ordinary. \u00a030 years ago Space Mountain was cool. \u00a0Today? \u00a0Completely bland. \u00a0Same goes for the rest. \u00a0 It's a Small World? \u00a0It looks amazingly cheap. \u00a0  It's amazing that millions flock to this place, seemingly each day. It's clear that fire codes don't apply at Disneyland. \u00a0It is suffocatingly congested. \u00a0Does Disney really need to make that much money? \u00a0Do they really have to make sure that nobody has more than 3 inches of space at all times while at the park?   $108 for a ticket. \u00a0$7 for a slice of pizza. \u00a0Unconscionable prices for anything with Disney's name on it.  Disney lives on past glories. \u00a0I have no clue how anybody could be \"happy\" when visiting this place. \u00a0It they cut the amount of visitors by 80%, cut the prices to about $40, and stopped charging bank hold-up prices for food, it would still be boring, but more palatable.   Don't feel guilty if you don't go to Disneyland. \u00a0Magic Mountain, Knotts, Sea World, Legoland . . . heck, the County Fair, are all WAY better than Disneyland.   The most over-rated theme park of all time.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It really is the most magical place on Earth. Awesome for any age. I recommend it for teenagers because at that point you can ride all the rides. I always have a blast there.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is the happiest place on Earth! What more can I say about this place? I have been here since I could remember. I use to come here every single summer for family vacations and it was the highlight of my year (pretty sure of my life some years). Yes it is expensive, yes there is always people here (not matter when you go), yes the lines are long, yes it sucks when it is super hot, yes all the rides are awesome and yes everything is over priced in this park down the to water - but it is the happiest place on Earth right?! Space Mountain and Bobsleds are the best rides and always have a blast. I also have a great time and now that I am no longer a kid, I can say that I still feel the magic in the air every time I visit here!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I am a Disney girl from Idaho! I love this place w all my . It's always nice and clean, the workers are almost always smiling and friendly! The prices are high, but you get what you pay for! It's full of magic and fun. The only thing I can think of that is a complaint is, I wish the Coca-Cola Company would lower the drink prices. I thin $5 is just too high. Definitely saving up for our next visit. It had been awhile since my last trip but there's plenty of ways to save money. I intend to so I can spend more on gifts, souviners, etc.!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The customer service here is great! I ran into a employee named Chris Valencia who actually happened to be off but he still stopped and helped me answer all the questions I had. He was very polite and sweet. This young man should definitely be promoted. He is a great representation of this company and what it stands for. Good job Disneyland", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have been going to Disneyland for 32 years and this is the first time that I am totally disappointed. Some of the workers there were totally inappropriate the lines were ridiculous the food was not the best Mickey Mouse totally let me down", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Best theme park , always clean , worth the price and time waiting in lines . Always friendly staff . A lot of places to eat. They have Starbucks inside , Ice cream too. The stores always have new things. Only bad thing is no alcohol. Hopefully one day lol", "rating": 5}, {"text": "i love disneyland!!!!!!!!!!!! its pretty amazing! my favorite land \u00a0 is california adventure. i love everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #awesome", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I expected great things and Disney totally delivered! I had never been to Disney during the holiday season and I think I will only ever go back during this time in the future. The park was magical with the decorations and especially lights at night. I was absolutely blown away by the \"It's a Small World\" attraction and how amazing all of the lights were. I think the California Adventure Park has a few more \"big kid\" rides but both parks offer enough stuff for people of all ages to enjoy. I would highly recommend!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Who doesnt like Dinseyland \u00a0. . . But it is a little earie that so many people do... maybe their air is spiked with...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "On Tuesday May 30th 2017 a cast member at the Jolly Holiday bakery refused to sell me warm milk. She said \"I know that's for your baby and I will not sell you the warm milk\". She instructed me that I could only buy the cold milk and walk it over to the baby center and warm it in the microwave. I tried to explain to her that the parade was blocking the street and was unable to get to the baby center quickly enough to heat up the milk and give it to my hungry child. So I asked to buy cold milk and hot milk so I could mix the hot and cold milk together and then give it to my child and the cast member at Jolly holiday cafe still refused to sell me the milk. So I asked for hot milk and ice so I could cool the milk down and the cast member still refused to sell me hot milk. I tried to explain to the cast member that I would never give my one and half year old hot milk that would hurt or burn her. I was very upset that this occurred on my vacation, ruined my vacation overall. I would never want to bring a child under the age of 5 to Disneyland. It would have also been helpful if the baby center would also sell milk and not only formula because after the age of one they drink milk not formula anymore.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The most fun, clean, and family friendly park around! All ages can enjoy and the amount of detail that gets put in to everything they do is unsurpassable. Great rides, great food, great times!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Family of 7. \u00a0Not our first trip to Disneyland but likely our last. \u00a0  The staff was unusually super-entitled. \u00a0I'm sorry I'm not a weird pin-trading super fan and I don't feel lucky to allowed into the park for $150 bucks. \u00a0I paid you for a family of 7, I parked two cars, I paid for 20$ plate lunches for all. \u00a0I was ok with all of that because caveat emptor. \u00a0But when it started to rain I realized how evil this company is. \u00a0The ponchos were 10$ each. \u00a010$. \u00a0I spent my career in procurement and performing should-cost analysis. \u00a0Let me NOT exaggerate in telling you these things probably cost between 10 and 25 cents max per. \u00a0It's raining, I already spent a fortune, I've waited in your lines. \u00a0Now you insult me with this buy 70$ worth (or max 1.25) \u00a0ponchos, or get wet and suck it up. \u00a0That was not enough. \u00a0We bought 3 ponchos and realized we needed more as the rain picked up while we were getting our receipt. \u00a0Not even out of line yet...I get the old \"sir get back to the end of the line if you'd like to purchase more. \u00a0Then after I waited again, super insulted, I realized that 3 new ponchos were kid ponchos meant for toddlers and I asked for an exchange. \u00a0Back to the end of the line. \u00a0No Mas! \u00a0I said no, and then they called a manager to perform the slowest and unfriendliest exchange ever. \u00a0We never once had stepped away from the register mind you thru all of this. \u00a0Making money is not evil. \u00a0Syphoning every last cent simply because you have captives in need, well they call that greed or just evil. \u00a0They stopped cleaning as much and definitely cut corners everywhere to add insult to injury. \u00a0The poncho ain't paying for operational costs. \u00a0I'm uploading photos of the \"king\" bathroom where I took my poor poncho'd daughter to pee. \u00a0Disgusting. \u00a0I also took a snap of the espn Zone bathroom - way worse. \u00a0Not for kids. \u00a0No thank you, that 40$ Elsa doll is not getting urine on it on its first day. \u00a0You guys suck, you know it, and every time I had something to say to \"management\" I was the one that got \"managed\" away. \u00a0No accountability, silly with greed, entitled and rude. \u00a0Crappies", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Rude entitled staff especially at the check-in gates. I can understand clamping down on ticket abuse, but harassing legitimate ticket holding customers!! To boot, the entry gate operator, \"Marlene, Garden Grove, CA\" kept calling after me to go take my complaints to chamber of commerce or whatever.  Not definitely the happiest place on earth anymore! Just a collection of idiots who try to make your experience hell!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's a great Park and fun time to bad getting a hanidycapes pass for a two year takes 30 mi Utes and the lead Jr refuses to call for more people or be helpful in any way rude and disrespectful so great ful I spent 235 for two days", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland? I have been heard of this for a long time, people around me have been there and tell if u don't go, later u will regret badly. Disney is aka the happiest place on Earth and that is genuinely true. I can go to disneyland and literally never get tired of. I love the maxpass which is super convenient. Basically maxpass is you can order the ride u want on the phone through the Disneyland app. its 15$ for each person but thats is affordable.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Amazing. Had the most wonderful day in the world. The customer service, atmosphere, cleanliness were all top notch and worth of being \"happiest place on earth", "rating": 5}, {"text": "ive been going to disneyland on a regular basis since my kids love going there.... im giving 1 star for one of their staff's rudeness and racism! It was \"Cinderella\" and was taking pictures and chitchating with some teenagers then we were next....she started walking away... my 6yo and my 3yo were litterally calling her and trying to chase her... but obviously she was walking way faster... she was only about 1ft away so how can she not hear?! is it because we're asians?????! smh! get another job cinderella!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Way over priced with food, and snacks! It's absurd the amount that each ticket cost. Additionally, security takes their job way, too seriously! (Dude, you're not working for the FBI or CIA; chill! I'm here on a Thursday and literally our first ride at California Adventure breakers down! We hop to Disneyland which is not even that busy (it's a Thursday) and we're waiting for 60 mins for a ride. Honestly, for the price you pay for the parking plus the tickets they should at least have clean bathrooms and semi decent lines when there's not a lot a people. If I didn't have children I would never come back to this place. It's far from the happiest place on earth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Long lines and a lot of attractions were closed. Waiting in line for 40 minutes and told ride is being temporally closed. Train ride closed for rest of year so they can build star wars attraction. Tram was closed, auto ride closed, boat tours closed and food was so-so.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We love this place. What else can I say? Family fun, safe and friendly. \u00a0The apps with wait times and the option to get fast passes on your phone make the visits more fun. Love love love", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Holy cow! Only four stars? This place is wonderful! I love this place. 95% of the staff really seem to give an effort to make the customers experience memorable. Wifey and I love it here. If I have any complaint it's that we can't do everything. What I really love are the character interactions. What really gets my heart strings is how there will be a massive line of people waiting to get their time with a character and everything stops for the disabled child and they will treat them like the center of the universe. Holy Moses I just love how they treat all children like we all should. The other thing I love are the parades and special event like fantastic. They really put 100% in to putting on a magical show. Fantastic is a wonder thing to experience. The new thing we got was we purchased the Maxxpass. You download their Disneyland app and for $10 extra you can schedule your fast passes through the app. instead of running around the park to the kiosks. That is well worth the money.   To be honest, we've had moments of poor experiences, such as at Carnation Cafe, however my overall experience with my family is nothing short of...magical. Thank you Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland obviously does a horrible job of delivering an experience that matches the admission price. The long waits, the overcrowding, the prices, and now, even the way the staff treats the guests. But, another, less known side of the evil empire is the way employees are treated. My cousin and her husband both devoted their lives to the jobs that they got there. For some strange reason my cousin thought it would be amazing to go live in Anaheim and work at Disneyland. They did this for years. The husband was working long shifts, doing hard work and all that. Passed over for promotions too many times to count. My cousin was in the travel department where she said it was utterly painful to rob the people of their hard earned money. People in the midwest apparently save up thousands of dollars to come to California for the sole purpose of taking their kids to Disneyland. She said it is horrid to be the person robbing them. It literally made her feel criminal. The wages that they earned were DISMAL. Raises? A joke. People who work at D-land cannot afford to live a normal life in the area. It is shocking and sad. I am not eager to ever return to this wretched hole of greed. My cousin no longer works there, and neither does her husband. While they were employed there, they would kindly set us up to go for free, find great hotel deals for us, and make sure we went when rides were open and crowds were at the lowest. \u00a0When they decided to cut their losses and leave, they made sure that they arranged for all their loved ones to get one last free hurrah in. I do not recommend Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Very disappointed by the customer service. It is not the happiest place of the world anymore for sure. The horrible customer service ruined my excitement of going to Disneyland. It happened from the entrance. I forgot that my nephew just turned to 10 years old a just few days ago. I booked the e ticket before my brother's family visited us. The employ at the park entrance sent us back to ticket booth to get a new ticket for my nephew as 10+. I was sure that there might be better way to handle this kind of situation instead of sending us back to the ticket booth to waste our time for more than one hour standing on the line to pay just $7 more. No one would try to save only $7 on purpose to go to the Disneyland. I am sure there might be a better way to handle it as a good customer service.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Still one of the Happiest Places on Earth, but splurge for the Max Pass/ Fast Pass which is $15.00 a day extra. Our price per person for a two day Park Hopper with the Max Pass was $310.00.   We came here for a friends 30th birthday and we all bought the Max Pass. Our Disney guru friend linked all of our passes to her phone and then through the Disney App, scheduled all of our Fast Passes rides for us. You can use a Fast Pass every 90 minutes, so she really had our whole trip planned out.   We'd walk up to the Fast Pass line, she'd pull up all five of our Fast Passes, scan them through her phone and we were off!  With the Max pass we were literally walking onto our scheduled rides and the longest line we stood in was 15 minutes!   It was an amazing day and we got a lot of rides in through both parks in a very short amount of time.   Another perk of the Max Pass is the free photos! You can get your professional photos done at Disney by one of their photographers in front of choice spots, like Sleeping Beauty's Castle or the front entrance and they will scan your Max Pass and all of those photos are now yours! Best of all there isn't a water mark attached, so you can freely post and share these photos! This also applies to the roller coasters photos. You can type in the code after you get off the ride and obtain a digital copy of those pictures too!   We spent two days park hopping and spent an impressive 29 hours there. We were able to enjoy 18 rides and still have three sit down meals each day with the Max Pass.   I realize that Disney is very expensive, but if you are already spending an ungodly amount of money, you might as well enjoy your time and spend it riding the rides and not just standing in them!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The best place to spend time away from work. If you have not been here, find a way. Something about this place put life in perspective. You see all the diversity and everyone having a great time regardless of where they are from. This place sure brings happiness to people. My kids love this place and have made it a tradition to come several times a year. Dont forget about the TURKEY LEG, the one I forgot to take a picture of. Lol.. yes. That good. Until next time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The people here are too happy. Why does everything have to be so fun?  I find the ambiance to be too magical.  I thought Lord Farqua put an end to these fairytale foovervilles?  Those princesses are not convincing. Their dresses seemed unsuitable for the occasion. As if they're... overcompensating. I don't mean any disrespect if they are genuine royalty, but I may be on to something. After all, they do take selfies with commoners. But so do the Kardashians... so I'll have to think on this one.  Anyway...  Peter Pan gave me no peanut butter. Captain Jack shared no rum. And Elsa made me no ice. #hoarders  The laughter &amp; smiles induced left the corners of my mouth numb &amp; my belly feels uncomfortably of butterflies.  And in the end, the guards would not permit me to abide in the sleeping quarters of the castle. These Micky Mouse ears fooled no one.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love! Annual pass holder ! Year three! Yassssssssssssssssssss! Disneyland closes at midnight. They have a lot of construction happening right now", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Live and love #Disneyland this is my getaway. I enjoy coming on Christmas day and celebrate with my family every year.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love it here, who doesn't right! Wait time can be a little long at times up to 45-60 minutes, but getting fast passes really helps. Everyone is very courteous and so helpful. Their clam chowder is the best I always look forward to it when coming here.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "DL has become such a rip off!! \u00a0Its just a big money making machine.  I don't want to have to leave a negative review for the happiest place on earth, but here it is.  Ive been going to DL on and off for a long time with dates, family, etc. \u00a0It is a wonderful place a very magical experience. \u00a0Always exciting and the grounds are always impeccably clean.  But behind the happy DL fascade is the typical large greedy corporate empire. \u00a0All they want to do is stuff in the masses of people and take their money.  I was there last night visiting with a friend at the Grand Hotel. \u00a0I was appalled by the prices on the menu. \u00a0$25 for a medium pizza amongst other things. \u00a0  And as I walked out I was noticing rip off prices everywhere. \u00a0$8 for a corndog. \u00a0Absurd.  And to finish the rip off night--they wanted to charge me $24 for 1.5 hours of parking! \u00a0I became irate and made a scene esp. since parking used to be free for 3 hours!  Today I called corporate C/S who only apologized and said those are the parking rates now. \u00a0They offered no refund, no compensation, nothing. \u00a0I blasted C/S on what a rip off DL has become and asked for a manager. \u00a0They said there is no manager available. \u00a0Really? \u00a0The DL corporate empire has no manager to talk to?  Corporate greed has taken over at DL which is very sad and disturbing.  I will NEVER return there and I hope others see this review and boycott DL!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "There is nothing to not like about Disneyland. Unless you're a Grinch, or a fun hater, in which case what are you doing coming here anyway?  This is the cleanest amusement park you will visit. The cast members who work here genuinely care about keeping the park as spotless as they can despite the hoards of people that come in and out of the gates daily.  The rides are great for all ages, and I'm talking babies to the elderly. There is a ride for everyone.  They do the holidays right, and you feel you are transported to a magical Winter Wonderland during Christmas time and transported to Halloween town during September and October.  There are so many hidden and magical things to discover and experience at the park. Fantasmic, the parades, and the Mickey and the Magical Map stage show are must-sees.  Utilize the fast pass system and your wait times will dramatically decrease.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I purchased our tickets for Disneyland online before arriving in California. \u00a0This was the biggest waste of money EVER! \u00a0Disney was SO CROWDED you could barely move. \u00a0People have those ridiculous double-wide strollers and (they should be outlawed), \u00a0I don't know how they even get around the park with them. \u00a0  We were there ALL DAY and was only able to go on 3 rides total. \u00a0The lines were CRAZY and people were line-jumping and there wasn't any way to stop them. \u00a0The people who work there weren't friendly. \u00a0There was NOTHING magical about this experience AT ALL. \u00a0My two kids (age 7 and 10) were MISERABLE and had we not spent a FORTUNE on the admission tickets, we would have turned around and gone back to our hotel. \u00a0We saw a \"princess\" walking by and we asked if we could take a picture and she said \"no\" - we  We met other people who had planned on going and we talked them out of it. \u00a0What a disaster!  Disney World in Florida is far nicer, larger, cleaner, etc.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Enjoyed, our day here at Disneyland. Cecil (Cast member at star tours) was so patient and Thoroughly helped me with my DISNEY APP! Disney is LUCKY TO HAVE A CAST MEMBER LIKE HIM! Wish I could give my positive feedback to Disney but not sure where else to do it, other than on yelp!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "F...k this place \u00a0only go if you want to be human livestock and waste your hard earned money also realize when buying g merchandise that it is being made by kids just like the ones you brought with you..... Disgusted.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This place is magical. I love the changes they have made at California Adventures. The Incredicoaster was the best coaster I have ridden in a long time. It was so fun that we rode it three times. It was so worth the wait! The Disney Fast Pass is probably the best invention next to Mickey Mouse himself! Lol The Frozen show was spectacular! I couldn't believe how perfect the cast was! It cost a lot of money to visit Disney, but it is so worth it!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Crowded!!!   I'm not sure how the Fire Marshal allows Disneyland let so many people in to such tight spaces (Toontown, Frontierland, Fantasyland).  Pirates of the Caribbean is always closed.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I would give 10 starts because it was my Daughters 2nd birthday and she had an amazing time. .. I only give 1 star because you would EXPECT employees to be happy and offer amazing customer service. As we were waiting in line for a ride a young gentleman was directing everyone in line \" come on hurry up. \u00a0Go go go!!\" I couldn't believe my ears... he said it very rude .. saying Come on.. \u00a0Let's go!. Forbid someone got in the wrong line they would get scolded. There was seniors, toddlers, and big groups in line. Please I would like to stop this from happening again especially at the happiest place on earth :(", "rating": 1}, {"text": "How does a company that uses the term Magic kingdom justify what is price gouging on almost every aspect of your resort?  I visited for the first and last time to a place of great expense and few Magic moments. \u00a0The park felt out dated, and you had numerous barriers in place that impacted the views and accessibility.  I also sensed an air of apathy among your employees. \u00a0I witnessed this more with those tasked with cleaning and keeping the appearance of the customer areas. \u00a0The serving staff Red Rose Tavern also gave the same feeling in my observation and interaction.  Lastly, I was truly surprised at the lack of handicap accessibility to the main entrance train station.  If I had to pay for the tickets for my visit I would have returned to the ticketing location demanding a refund. \u00a0  The illusion that created through out my life about Disneyland and the Magic Kingdom was revealed to be a very clever deception through ad campaigns, reviews and the word of mouth. \u00a0Clever design work to make buildings and the setting for Disneyland to appear larger than reality through window and fa\u00e7ade sizing was only evident in person, and destroys an impression built from a youth of watching Disney movies on TV.  I wish your company well, but you have lost a believer.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "To be perfectly honest, Disneyland just isn't what it used to be. My husband and I bought annual passes this year and parking is still astronomical, the food cart prices are equally outrageous, and the employees really aren't even happy anymore. We've gone multiple times this year and each time, the employees seem so lackluster and dead, sadly. I don't respect Disney as much as a corporation anymore, to be honest.  Gone are the days when Walt had a purely fun and whimsical vision for what Disneyland could be. Now it really is all about how much money they can get out of you as a guest. A word to the wise: there are tons of loopholes, hidden fees, and salty employee attitudes waiting for you if you choose to sign up for an annual pass.  Three stars for still sort of being a place of nostalgia, but one star only for the employees and the fees.  Spend your money on another socal park, guys.  LooksDisney is dead.   UPDATE: the one-star is for their service at the famous Blue Bayou. We used to love this place but we just ate dinner here and were shown the worst customer service we have experienced for a WHILE (fast food endeavors included).  First, they seat us at a tiny table in the back corner where no one can see us if we need assistance. We politely ask if there are other closer seats available (which there clearly were-- it was half empty, there was no others parties waiting but us out front, and we even offered to wait extra time, unnecessarily), but the host awkwardly says, \"uhhhhhhhhhh wellllllllllll probablyyyy noooottttt, but uhhhhh lemme check.\"  After going back and forth, I just said forget it and my husband and I stayed.  Then, we decided to order off of the Appetizers Menu only because they, truthfully, are way better than their entrees, and we weren't that hungry.  We were told \"uhhhhh well today it is find but tomorrow Disneyland isn't going to allow it\" (yes, that's what our waiter actually said to us lol), which of course is not true; it's just what you say when you don't actually allow something but don't want the customer to leave LOL.  Here's what you should know about the Blue Bayou (and all of Disneyland in general):  Is it an amazing EXPERIENCE? Yes, probably.  But the employees are rude, uncharismatic, and curt; the food is $40 a plate and most of it (we've tried everything on the menu, including all specialty drinks and desserts) isn't that great. Their gumbo is delicious and the famous Monte Cristo is great, but honestly, you'll drop $100 on a dinner there and leave not really satisfied, not knowing what hit you.  Their service is unacceptable and their prices are hilarious. We'll stick strictly with our other annual passes from now on; we hate Disneyland more every time we go, tbh. That's the honest truth.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The crappiest place on earth  It's not just overpriced, you can't even get to 5 rides a day without buying an extra fast pass which is so unfair for regular paying guests  On top of paying $25 for parking You need to spend over $1000 a day full r a family of four It used to be the happiest place on earth", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Out of all the theme parks in California this is by far my favorite. Could there be a more magical place? Rides are all amazing, great place for the family. Tickets and passes are honestly a little pricey, but it's Disney, I feel like that's expected. I've been a Passholder for a few years and the discount on food and merchandise as well as starbucks coffee comes in handy. One of my favorite places to be to take amazing pictures! Will never stop going", "rating": 5}, {"text": "That's why it's known for \"The happiest place on earth\". Great way to make memories with family and friends.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The day was great! But I gave it one star because at the end of the day the stroller guy smacked my moms leg and didn't even say sorry !!! So rude . Then some one helped us to the tram with a wheelchair and he didn't even help push my mom . He was even nice . He was so rude . We said we took the tram . And he kept repeating himself like we were stupid. Those people should be fired . Some one might report a lawsuit . I'm so disappointed with the horrible customer service . Rudest people ever at the wheelchair and stroller place. Thanks for nothing .", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland but I hate this California park. It's so small and always crowded, strollers everywhere OMG. They must stop selling tickets when the park reach its capacity like Tokyo Disney.   So disappointing today since some of the rides are closed and under renovation, Nemo, Small World, Splash Mountain.   If I didn't pay $126 military price for three days park hopper, I will not come here again. This is my third time and it might be my last.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It's Disneyland. What's not to love? Disney goes above and beyond to give a great experience to the whole family. There are rides for all ages, shows, shops and things to look at. There are food places on every corner (although pricey, but it is a theme park) and the park has decorations everywhere. When you ride a ride at a normal amusement park its standing in line until the ride starts. At Disneyland each ride is an experience because they turn it into whatever the ride is. Indiana Jones is caves and jungles before you ever start. This is a great place for the family!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "20 years ago, disney was the best place on earth until around 2008 where things goes down the drain. It's not the rides, it's not the food (although they can improve the taste a little), it's the not even the price (yes, it is expensive but that's not the real reason), it is what they support; abortion and same-sex marriage even though it is NOT the CEO or the president to decide for the company because not all the employee support that. Because of this, the disney I once love is now dead to me. It is illogical for someone to pay something they don't agree with and I for one believe that will be their downfall regardless of how much money they make.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I usually love Disney. I'm an annual pass holder and go at least once or twice a week. The past couple of times I've been the cast members have been nothing but rude! The guy in the parking garage yelled at my husband and I when we asked a question about where we should park. The other parking employees spent there time talking and making fun of everyone as they walked by and some girl in the wine cellar area had so much attitude it was unbelievable.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Alfonso at Disneyland provided great customer service. He was friendly and very accommodating. \u00a0It is very nice to receive such great service.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "first time being there, it was really fun. I went for grad night and honestly it was amazing. The rides were thrilling and the food was good. They gave me a pin that says \"i graduated\". Very fun and cute.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I'm 27 and still obsessed with everything Disney! The only complaint I have is that they can use some improvements on mobile order. My cousin ordered a dole whip on her phone and the pick-up line was just as long as the regular line to order. I recently was able to visit the Star Wars Land, while I've never seen the movies, Disney does an incredible job recreating these lands.   I recommend getting a fast pass for shows like Fantasmic, although they have stand-by standing areas too, and the longer wait lines like Space Mountain. Remember that some of these rides offer single rider which is actually a really cool option; it's not like you're gonna catch up with an old friend on a roller coaster. For example, the last time I went Space Mountain's wait was 65 minutes, while there was no wait at all for single rider. I wish there was more cooling areas, but I do love that they added a lot more seating areas for people to rest in the shade.  Bengal BBQ is so delicious and across from that, adjacent or behind the tiki room, there are delicious frozen treats like the chili mango whip! Disneyland offers free water at restaurants that have fountains, so ask!  Disneyland waits can be pretty lengthy so if you have impatient children, although I can get pretty impatient too, I would download Heads Up on your phone so you guys can play together, bring something to keep them entertained, and lots of snacks! Don't forget to check guidelines for strollers before coming with your huge double stroller.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Best amusement park in California hands down if you are going to pay any annual Pass forget the rest and jus buy this!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland will always be the leader in theme parks. It's very nostalgic. The music playing in the background is a nice little touch. Main Street is awesome. The cast members are always friendly. Every section of the park is fun. Their churros are SO good. I used to like Pizza Port but recently, I feel like the quality of the taste of their pizza has declined. The chicken nuggets at the Golden Horseshoe are the best. I also like to eat at Earl of Sandwich in Downtown; their Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich is the best.   If you haven't tried their beignets, you're missing out. They use the same mix that Cafe du Monde uses in New Orleans.   Disneyland is just awesome and heartwarming. I was an annual passholder last year and I used it as much as I could. I don't think I'll ever stop going to Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have annual pass for Disneyland for a reason. my kids are in love with it. There are no other places that my kids want to go everytime than Disneyland. my little girl loves to take pictures with all cast characters. and my boy loves to its a small world ride.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always a magical experience! Definitely plan out your ride schedule to maximize you wait time, shows and food. And do you're research on all the hidden gems in the park. If you're a frequent visitor you may find something new each time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disgusted with Disney! Today I had an awful customer service run-in while entering the parking lot where I was accused of being a liar and the only resolution they would consider is me paying for parking when I had already done so for the entire year! And if that was not bad enough, when I was inside the amusement park I was further bullied and harrassed by the so-called security when I decided to lay down for a brief moment on a lonely bench in a secluded area to get bit of r&amp;r while waiting for my wife and daughter to get off a ride. Disney customer service quality is falling big time! What a crummy way to start Memorial Day weekend...", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Best visit ever to Disneyland (well, as an adult) was at the beginning of September. My boyfriend and I took his two boys for their first time (and his first time since 1983!) and it was overall just the BEST weekend ever. Their FastPass (and our upgraded MaxPass) was worth every penny and eliminated all lines. Plus we got free pics with characters and on the rides. Even food lines weren't horrible and we stopped at all the best food stands around the park. It was magical from beginning to end and the fireworks show was outstanding. Can't wait to go back - it'll become an annual visit for us! (Great excuse to go and visit my OC family and friends as well).", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Where can we start!? Don't get me wrong yes it is expensive to come,but think about it like this. It already gets busy and packed during the seasons. Imagine it being much cheaper,it would be insane to come or even get into rides! Plus there's a lot of hidden gems and free stuff to do that's local here as well. I'll give you a few examples: 1. Free bread in Disneyland California Adventures. 2. Free chocolate. 3. Free Broadway style show currently frozen! These are a few of the many things that disneyland has to offer. Plus it's one of the few places I get to be a kid.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It would be cool if any of the rides worked. Splash mountain is down. Big thunder railroad down. Space mountain is up and down. Matterhorn down. Wtf is the point of paying $700 for an amusement park that doesn't gave working rides?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We absolutely love Disney and have been annual pass holders for 16 years but Disney you have definitely disappointed us!!! I called on 4-20-2020 to ask for my annual pass refund because the park is closed due to the coronavirus. I waited 7 business days to have the refund post to my account and called today because the refund is not in my account. I spoke to a Cast Member and she indicated to me that the refund will take 7 to 9 weeks.....yes I did say weeks!!! Are you kidding me????? To refund 2 Signature Plus annual pass holders we pay $207.50/month. So in a time like this $207.50 goes a long way. I do not understand why it would take 7 to 9 weeks for a refund. I understand there are a lot of pass holders but when you shop at any large retailer you receive a refund within 3 days. Totally unacceptable Disney!!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? It is indeed the happiest place on earth... IF you do it right. Walt Disney was a creative genius and formed this place completely from imagination. Talk about someone who truly followed his dreams!   I've been going here from a very early age -- from when I wasn't even walking yet and had to be carted around in a stroller. Life was easy sailing back then. Tickets were $20 (okay, how old are you, really!? LOL), parking was easy, and it wasn't as crowded as it is now.   Fast forward to today, and it's gotten a bit more complicated than the good ol' days. But you can still enjoy it! Just follow my top Disney tips to help your visit go more smoothly:  1. Buy tickets far in advance or get a season pass. During the busy holiday season, having a ticket purchased online does NOT guarantee you can enter the park. If it is too full, you will be denied entry. Which leads us to...  2. Get there super early if you bought your ticket online, so you can beat the crowd and make sure you can even get in the park! 7:30 am at the latest during the holidays.  3. Have a general idea of which rides / shows / attractions you want to visit and map it out. The park is pretty big so you may not want to wander back and forth, especially if you have small children.  4. Acquire fast passes at the rides you know you want to ride. They assign you a certain time to return and gain access to the fast pass lane, which moves MUCH more quickly than the regular line. #winning! My favorite rides:  * Space Mountain * Indiana Jones * Big Thunder Mountain Railroad * Haunted Mansion * Pirates of the Caribbean  5. Research which foods you're interested in so you don't miss it when walking around the park. They often have specials based on seasonal availability, so make sure to look those up. Some top suggestions are:   * Dole whip float - Tiki Juice Bar * Corn dog - Little Red Wagon stand by Main Street * Clam chowder in a bread bowl - cafes in New Orleans area * Churro - from any churro stand (but make sure they're making them fresh! Cold churros = no bueno)  6. Shows to catch are the Main Street Parade, fireworks, and definitely the Fantasmic show where Mickey faces off with Maleficent while she is dragon form. If I had to choose one, it would be Fantasmic since it is so well designed and has a lot of interesting visuals.  7. Be patient and have fun! It's going to be packed but you can still enjoy it if you form a basic plan and can navigate your way efficiently around the park.  DATE TIP: This absolutely makes a great date spot! Impress them by following my tips above and you'll enjoy a very smooth visit to the happiest place on earth. Aww yeah.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "First exiting the park must be handled by complete morons. \u00a0Who ever came up with this concept should be fired. \u00a0An infant could do a better job. \u00a0Second the transportation to the toy story lot is a complete joke. I could walk to my car quicker then waiting for the bus to get to the lot. \u00a0There are nowhere near enough buses for the number of people trying to leave. \u00a0Now I know why Universal Studios is doing so much better then Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So, it's been a couple of years since my last review of Disneyland.   Since then, I've been reading reviews, both positive and negative, regarding people's experiences at the parks. One theme that I've seen is how some Cast Members no longer have the \"Disney attitude.\" We decided to book another trip and see for ourselves. This was December 4th-7th.   On our first day, we got a little lost going from our hotel to the park. An off duty cast member, seeing our confusion, approached us to see if she could be of assistance. She pointed us in the right direction with a smile and a \"Hope you folks have a terrific time!\" This was during a heavy downpour.   Once in the park, I was on my mission to find rude cast members and to see if Disneyland has lost some of it's magic.   Disneyland was decorated for Christmas and was absolutely beautiful. It rained throughout most of our 4 days there, so the park was not the least bit crowded. For the most part, we walked right on most rides or had a minimal wait. When there was a line for a popular ride, our MaxPass was amazing. The 45 minute wait to ride Radiator Springs was a mere 5 minutes thanks to MaxPass.  It turns out that the longest line we had to wait on the entire 4 days was at Starbucks!  EVERY cast member we interacted with was over the top friendly and helpful. Not convinced, I finally thought I found a potential rude cast member! While in line to enter the park an hour early for \"Magic Morning\", I stood behind a gentleman that was enraged that he couldn't get in early. The cast member calmly explained that Magic Mornings are only for those that stay at one of the Disneyland hotels. Dude would not give in and complained about the rain(!) and tried to convince the CM that because of the weather, he should be allowed in early. He was getting irate and the look on the CMs face convinced me that this guy was going to get an earful. Instead, the CM smiled and politely but firmly sent him on his way.  4 days of pure magic. The park was absolutely beautiful. If you go during the Holidays, It's a Small World and Haunted Mansion are a must. The four of us had such a great time, we purchased Annual Passes and will be returning again in a couple of weeks.  Well done, Disneyland.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Uhhh. It's just great, don't really know what else to say. Rides are great, foods too expensive, but it's Disneyland, what else do you expect. But overall, best place to go with family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "How is it that every time I walk through that tunnel and onto Main Street USA, I am immediately transformed into a 10 year old kid who's like a kid in a candy store with Dad's credit card? From the moments of anticipation as I enter through the entrance gates till I walk back through them again at the end of the day/night, I am full of excitement and wonder! I have been to the park numerous times, yet every time is like a kid opening a brand new gift at Christmas. There's always something new to see, or old favorites create new joys and wonderful memories. I'm like Ebenezer Scrooge after he realizes he's not dead, I'm giddy with excitement, and I'm ready to be immersed in the wonders that this place provides. As I explore each land and ride on ride after ride my excitement grows, and my enjoyment of the day makes me feel as if I'm walking on air. Each pathway holds a new adventure, each ride offers a different thrill, and each interaction with a cast member or character is exhilarating and uplifting. This truly is the happiest place on earth, at least for me it is, I LOVE coming here, I am never disappointed in the experience and I always have the time of my life each and every trip! Is it expensive, yes, but it's worth every penny as far as I'm concerned, this is my LAUGHING PLACE, and I will continue to come no matter how old my body begins to get, and I will always enjoy the pleasure that is a vacation at Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Had a great time there with my husband and my 4 year old niece, we didn't really have to wait that long on in line to get on the rides.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's always a great place for locals like me to walk around, eat a little, people watch and jump on a couple of rides. Wish their prices weren't always going up. Looking forward to Star Wars land.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Do I need to tell you that Disneyland is magical?? I recommend going on a day that isn't crazy hot or crazy busy. Get a park hopper and MaxPass. Enjoy your time. Eat a lot of popcorn. This is the only park that Walt walked, so it's special. The cast members are great. They keep it clean and keep people happy.  Disney is AMAZING with food allergies. A chef used to have to come out, but they have special menus now. Unless you have multiple allergies, you should be fine with the menus. Are the options kind of generic? Eh...yeah. You get used to that with allergies though. At least I can safely eat there!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Drove from Denver Colorado to Anaheim California to take our granddaughter to Disneyland for her first time. \u00a0We arrived early ready to start our day. \u00a0Problem was the most of the major rides were closed. \u00a0Some never opened the whole time we were there. \u00a0Others kept opening and closing. \u00a0Twice while we were in a long line. \u00a0There didn't seem to be many characters interacting with the guests. \u00a0For the price of admission I find this to be unacceptable...more of a big ripoff. \u00a0Shame on you Disneyland!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. I can't say it enough. My favorite place in the whole world! I don't care about the cost, I don't care about the crowds, when I walk into this park I completely forget about the outside world, de-stress, have a fabulous day, go back to being a little girl and having fun.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What's up with this new guest assistance pass program? My family and I all have annual passes and visit the park at least twice a month. I bring my paperwork from my doctor and medication just to show that I do have a disability to get the pass. \u00a0Today I handed the lady my old pass and my medical documentation an she asked how she could make my visit more comfortable. I explained to her what my disability was and she told me that there was a new policy in place and that I could get a wheelchair and could use the wheelchair to sit down while in line or to use it to hold bags. Then she handed my documentation back along with brochures about guests with disabilities. I was basically in complete shock as I walked out and seeing other people with the pass. I even asked a gentlemen later in the day about his pass and he said he didn't have any disabilities and he gets it for the big rides only. What the hell... I provide documentation and get told no for a new pass! So what a horrible day and the happiest place on earth, kids were upset cause I couldn't stand in line with them unless the wait was less than 15min. So we ended up leaving!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Have been to Disneyland a few times. Not really fun when you have to line up for an hour.   However, phone calls to Disney for resolution of an issue and they were not helpful and could not give any suggestions. \u00a0re: pre-paid Paris Disneyland tix and they would not honour them and that it was not their problem. Disney Paris closed for 3 days and does not refund tix nor return emails.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "this review is based on the customer service only. parks are great and always a blast, but i have to say customer service has drastically declined within the past 5 years i have been a passholder. \u00a0i spoke to destiny, a customer service supervisor, in regaurds to a max pass issue that i was confused about and basically told the wrong information about by two different cast members. instead of being understanding and compassionate destiny was cold, abrubt, and pretty much told me i was not telling the truth about the issue. \u00a0i hope that conversation was recorded for quality assurance and training purposes! i don't believe that style of service is expected from the \"happiest place on earth\". especially after spending sooooooo much money on passes, rooms, and merch! with my pass renewal around the corner destiny really has me thinking about spending my money elsewhere!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We had a blast out here...kids loved the toy story area and even danced along with the car..very family and friendly atmosphere...we will do it again...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Mikey's Halloween Party on actual Halloween night is the best out of all the available dates. Tickets sell out so buy yours far in advance. You get access to both parks and lots of candy.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The Happiest Place on Earth, and the food there was the bestus also. At the plaza, hometown fried chicken &amp; gravy for $17.99 competitive price for 3 big/huge pieces", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Went here for 5 days for Christmas 2019. Terribly overcrowded place. Don't believe that it's the happiest place on Earth! I cannot express my thoughts here (Yelp won't allow), so I would just recommend you to visit this place at least for one day and get a clear picture of what I meant by my negative experience.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "As much as I love Disneyland if you want to give yourself a heartattack, filled if stress this is your place. The parking is a hit or miss because the genius of the day decides where you park. Don't assume it is in the structure. Today, they had me driving past many parking lots to have me park at the Garden walk. What is Disneyland thinking?", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Overcrowded, overpriced, lacking basic facilities like free charging stations for cell phones, dated rides which stop in the middle.. experienced it twice in 1 day where rides were shutdown and firefighters came to get us off the ride..no characters free to take pictures with kids.. Toontown is like a town without characters.. kids have to stand 1.5 hrs for 1 picture.... really?? Need to anticipate the capacity based on models over previous years and add staff accordingly.. Incredibly bad food vendors, and is definitely not the happiest place on earth..  The same week we went to seaworld and I saw the difference. It was a much better place with many food options and the capacity to handle the huge spring break crowds..", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great day ,sooo fun, i love this place and will recommend and will return. \u00a0Everyone was soo", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love Disneyland. The attractions the rides the people. \u00a0What I dont lime is the long lines and how fast passes for carsland stops selling at 11am", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's like a mini version of DisneyWorld and it's amazing and nostalgic and a must see. I now have crossed it off my \"must do every Disney park in the world\" plan. Great for littles cause not that much walking unlike wdw with lots of walking. Stay in site for sure. Breakfast at carnation a must. Go during the week for less crowds.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on Earth!!! Merchandise is expensive, and food is pricey. But the food and merchandise are worth it in my opinion. The breakfast burrito from Galactic Grill is my all time favorite.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Can't enough of this place. \u00a0Spent all day here with my children and we always have a great time . \u00a0 Love the new attractions and the food is too die for . \u00a0 My next mission is getting season passes for the family", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Very disappointing. \u00a0Hour long waits, then ride shuts down before you can get one. \u00a0Happened twice. \u00a0Might as well just tell everyone you need a fast pass ticket. \u00a0Really penalizes the people who have regular tickets.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I have visited Disney on numerous occasions but haven't felt compelled to write a review until now. While visiting on our recent trip, we were riding the Matterhorn Bobsled attraction and happened to notice a very friendly cast member, Robert. He was kind to everyone waiting, efficient, and made a point to engage people in line which made the attraction seem more fun for everyone. We boarded the ride shortly after and then left for our next attraction. Unfortunately I had left my Minnie ears and sunglasses in the pouch in my seat. I ran back to the ride and again saw Robert escorting people to their seats. I explained the situation to him, and he remained calm as he and the other cast members looked through each bobsled to find my belongings. Not only did they find the things I was looking for, but not once did anyone make me feel more anxiety about losing something. Everyone at this attraction was very kind, but Robert made the experience even more worthwhile. If there were anywhere else to leave a review for him I would love to know so he could receive feedback on what an amazing cast member he is. Thank you so much for making this a vacation worth remembering.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Customer service at Disneyland is a myth. \u00a0This is not a jab at all of the people working at the park but primarily their back office support which really stinks. \u00a0I have been going there every year for 10 years with my family. \u00a0I purchased 4 - five day park hopper passes online. \u00a0The dates we were visiting qualified us for a special they were running (though not adequately advertised on their website). Had we have selected the special those same tickets would be roughly $500 less. I called and emailed customer support and received the same canned answer, not a single person had authority to think out of the box and make a customer happy. They only quoted policies and did nothing for me. \u00a0  Already with a bad taste in my mouth we headed out for our trip. At the park many of the employees seemed unhappy, they didn't smile, chatted about rude customers in front of everyone etc. \u00a0 I am a firm believer in top down management so I believe this stems from the culture being set at the top and pushed down. \u00a0One old time employee at the park (definitely an exception to this post, she was awesome) told me that Michael Colglazier is an old school \"Walt\" type guy. \u00a0I told her that a protege of Walt would never have people exit the park through the back alley, next to all of the stinky trash (yes that happens now) and would have their customer service department actually be focused on customer service. \u00a0My youngest is only ten and I had intentions of continuing this tradition each year, even while they are in college. \u00a0For less than $500.00 Disney may have just lost out on probably close to 30k. \u00a0I know this is not a big deal for them which is EXACTLY the problem with their customer service.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My happy place. \u00a0Love being here even @ the age of 64. \u00a0Passes are expensive but I feel worth it. \u00a0I can come whenever I want free parking.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Today was my first time visiting Disneyland, and I must say I'm enjoyed myself. So I was concerned about the crowd because it was a holiday and people were off from school and work. I got there at exactly 8:45am it was crowded but everything moved fairly fast. My son is a season pass holder so he knows this place well. He took us to all the rides he likes lol. I especially enjoyed the Star Wars Tour. There were a lot of rides I didn't get to but I'll definitely be back! Also there are plenty of places to eat, yes it's pricey but no more than the movie theater depending on where you go. I can't wait to go back and stay until night time (my son was tired so we left before dark )", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is not the best in the world ! how about the worst ! went there for my birthday with 10 of the family! three day passes both parks and rode 3 rides over crowded the rides were broken down the new car side in California adventure BROKEN SHUT DOWN \u00a0! over crowd the cost 10,000 plus and it was horrible ! came home and wrote to Disneyland and they jus said sorry ! really ! we live in az flew over and all you can say is sorry ! iam sorry! we \u00a0will never go there again ! we have been there ever year since my daughter was 4 she is 33 wow ! great customer service ! happiest places has died !I KEPT THE TICKETS TO REMIND ME NEVER TO RETURN!!!!!!!!!!! RATING IS A BIG \u00a00", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My favorite amusement park. Disneyland is a magical place where dreams do come true. I made memories with my family and friends over the years here. My childhood was spent riding the pirates of the caribbean ride, taking pictures with princesses at the sleeping beauty castle, eating at blue bayou, or hiding from the old witch with the apple from snow white near the snow white's scary adventure ride. She still scares me hahaha. It's where I had the once in a lifetime change of riding splash mountain with my friends at 3 am in the morning during grad night back in 2009. We were laughing so hard on it. It's where I spent my fourth birthday for a lion king themed celebration. My earliest childhood memory is me hugging my dad and holding a pink mickey mouse ballon on a train ride or watching the main Street electrical parade back in 1996. Thank you disneyland for being the happiest place on earth for the best memories.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love coming during the holidays! All the decorations is so festive. I was able to get the holiday alien popcorn bucket. Arrive early to take pics. If you get the maxpass the pics from the photographers and the rides are free from the app. I highly recommend.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So I'm Super incredibly bummed out. I FINALLY saved enough money for me and my kids to go to Disneyland as a way for them to get there mind off of the very scary and dangerous divorce I'm going \u00a0thru. long story short I was sooooo surprised of how disappointed i was and my kids at that. First when we even got to the ticket booth there was a young gentleman there very short, very snappy and when my kids were saying hi (yes over and over because they were happy) he just looked at them rude and didnt even say anything. So that was a shocker, I mean if i was the first person I saw with guest Id think id get positive energy. Ok bad day for him then we get inside I literally was PUSHED by at least 3 vendors in not once an excuse me. i was starting to think someone was playing with me. Then when asking for help as We have never been there when asking questions to \u00a0the different members I got ignored, short answers that led me who knows where and it was just such a bummer that no one would help us at the happiest place on earth. I thought ok let me take my babies to see charters and found mickey and goofy and it was impossible to get my kids up to take a pic with them. My kids are obsessed with mickey mouse club house and that's the main reason taking them and didn't get not one pic with them or even close to them. Just super bummed I know my kids were too you can tell. Which sucked more is it took me forever to save up to take \u00a0them to be let down. I guess Ill start saving and hope next time my experience will be better. \u00a0see ya in probably 5 yrs. lol single mom life is hard to do things like this :(", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Its DISNEYLAND!!!!!! The happiest place on earth!!! First off I would like to talk about the employees aka cast members. The cast member are really nice,helpful,outgoing personality is AMAZING. If you don't have annual passes like I do get a park hopper ticket to Disneyland and DCA AKA Disney California Adventure. My favorite rides in DCA are Incredicoaster and Guardians of the Galaxy Mission Breakout. My favorite rides in Disneyland are Thunder Mountain Pirates of the Caribbean Enchanted Tiki Room Space Mountain and Haunted Mansion.  I know it's Disneyland so the tickets are no way cheap like down the Roads at Knott's Berry Farm or Six Flags Magic Mountain. It is very expensive but is is so worth it in the end!!!!  The food at this park is FLAWLESS!!! I really like this restaurant in Disneyland Ranch De Zocolo very good food generous portions. If you like dole whip go to the enchanted tiki room.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Let me preface this 1 star rating with how much I really love Disneyland and our many amazing, magical experiences and memories! I pretty much grew up at Disneyland, since my dad has lived in Orange County for almost 40 years! But...this last trip was a bit disappointing! I will get straight to it...prices have gone way up...it cost us $310...for the TWO of us to go in on a one day park hopper pass...that's $155/person. \u00a0Yes...Disneyland is always expensive...but its always such a stellar experience, that in the end I have always felt like it was money well spent. But alas...that was not the case this time. They have many attractions closed down...due to refurbishing and also for the creation of the Star Wars area of the park...but with so many attractions shut down, people have to go somewhere...and so we all had to filter in and hop into all of the other already over populated lines! And...the other huge factor to the long lines...was the fact that they shut down all of the fast pass passes by around 3pm if not earlier...so needless to say...lines were seriously 3 hours long...so we didn't get to ride on Soarin over California and Cars/Radiator Springs Racers...because we weren't going to wait 3+ hours per ride, and of course one of our favorites...Splash Mountain was closed for refurbishing. \u00a0We waited longer for every single thing...Pirates of the Carribean was lined up and looped all the way to the haunted mansion...that one is usually 30 minutes tops! Peter Pan was 90 minutes...and Tiki Room...yes Tiki Room had a gynormous line! That is one attraction that we can usually count on to be a reprieve from the long lines! \u00a0  My husband and I have fun no matter what we are doing...so we are always good about making the best out of any situation...but this last trip left much to be desired. \u00a0As my husband said...and I think this sums it up...\"Disneyland took advantage of us today, they did not take care of us like they usually do...our disappointment is on them!\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This is my happy place! I wish I did live closer by so that I could get an annual pass to come whenever I wish, but sadly I don't. When I do get to go to SoCal, Disney is usually where I wanna go. I try to make the most of my time here. This time, we came for Pixar Fest! It was just amazing! The fireworks, the parades, just truly magical! My boyfriend is so much of a Disney fan as I am, but I'm slowly turning him into one. The pineapple dole whip and the mickey shape beignets and mint julep is a must when I come! I can't wait until I'm back here!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney rocks but they are expensive look Bob Iger Disney CEO you making everybody nervous about your prices look at Cedar Fair their cheaper than you at Disney look Disney is a good company but they need lessons from Cedar Fair", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's the happiest place on earth no doubt!! It lot better with out our kids. That way we can be kids all over again. Haven't been here in a while, and sure miss the atmosphere, and just the mesmerizing effect the park has. Extremely recommend visiting if have never or haven't in a while. You'll not regret it!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love this place it's my get away from home. My family and I have been annual passholders for many years now!!! I'm so happy we were able to re new this year!! Its always fun!! Thanks Disney you always make everytime we go a magical time. We will forever be a Disney family.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Me and my wife go with our close friends about twice a month. We are signature pass holders, and it is totally worth it. Value- basically $20 per person every time we go (regular 2x a month). I'd recommend watching the shows and getting a chance to explore all of the secret ambiance's Disneyland has to offer! If you don't know what I mean, google it!  We cannot fathom what a blessing it is to randomly pop in on a Sunday night spontaneously to just come in, grab a churro and jump on Indiana Jones ride. Wouldn't change it for anything l!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My whole life, I have always wanted to go to Disneyland, and finally had the chance to go. I went on a Wednesday with my boyfriend, and since it was a weekday we thought it wouldn't be so crowded, but we were wrong.  Despite the huge crowds, wait times were not bad; it really helped that we downloaded the app, which helped us plan out which rides to go on (the app has live wait times.) We rode almost every ride, excepted for the Peter Pan ride and the Haunted Mansion. Along with checking out every section, we also were able to watch the parade and living show. I appreciate that the park is open until 10PM, since this gave us ample time to experience everything.   The only disappointment I had with this visit, was that the iconic castle was under construction, so I didn't get to check it out. However, there was so much to see and experience, I left happy and ready to come again and check out the other park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland needs to stop punishing people for being fans. The extreme hikes in the price of the annual passes is cruel. If they want to cut down on the crowds, then they need to reward people for not coming during peak times, rather than punish them for coming regularly.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Best ever! \u00a0I'd come everyday if I lived closer!! We have fun and love the magic! \u00a0Don't miss Mickeys Magical Map!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is a metaphor for much that is wrong with society today. The current state of things is a far cry from what Walt (supposedly) intended? Maybe.  This review is both a critique of what Disneyland really is and what it is selling. And it is my opinion. It is a facade of bright paint, glitter, smells manufactured on the New Jersey turnpike, and cheap trinkets manufactured elsewhere yet somehow marketed to be a reflection of American pride.  Disneyland sells nostalgia, short-lived thrills, indulgence, and unrealistic fantasies. People are duped into spending hard-earned cash so they can temporarily escape \"harsh\" realities they refuse to believe they've (mostly) created for themselves, via delusional thinking and a general lack of ability to delay gratification.  We live in a country filled with some of the most beautiful and diverse nature in the world, that we can generally access for free, yet people would rather pay to spend an hour in line to ride a 5-minute train around a painted set of the desert southwest. But I guess that's not Disneyland's fault. Ultimately Disneyland capitalizes on people's tendencies to be gullible. After all, your life can't possibly EVER be as fulfilling or wonderful as some made-up princesses' life. That'll be $1000, please.   I guess what I take issue with most is that Disneyland is a wasteland underneath everything. The amount of profit the enterprise makes as well as the amount of waste it generates (food waste, electricity waste, water waste) is astounding. It's amazing how we can so blindly continue a cycle of environmental doom and corporate welfare in order to alleviate a few hours of boredom. Disneyland feeds into this and exploits this. \"Come to Disneyland, where you can feel like a kid again...for a price...both immediate and permanent...\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "THE ONE STAR IS FOR HOW PRETTY DISNEY IS. But, security members are EXTREMELY rude and could care less if it's your first time there... they WILL ruin your experience. I have a friend who works there and was going to get me and my husband and son in, and she brought her puppy with her which they didn't even notice until after we passed the security point. They told us the puppy couldn't come through and she explained she was just signing us in at the entrance and leaving. Anyways, her husband ended up leaving with the puppy BUT the security officers still FOLLOWED us the ENTIRE way to the front to harass us and say they needed to see her cast member ID. They were rude, unprofessional; and not a pleasant first experience. The guy's name was Rick. RICK YOU ARE SUPER DISRESPECTFUL TO YOUR CAST MEMBERS AND FIRST TIMERS! Horrible horrible first time. I will be sure to share this with all of my friends. Not to mention, my son was terrified that this man was following us. Seriously, Disney? Why make a big deal when her husband took the puppy back out? Seriously.... good job Rick!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "5 Stars to the fun rides but, 1 Star rating on the overall experiences I encountered after purchasing the premium no block out dates Disneyland annual passes.  We enjoy the fun rides &amp; the beautiful Disneyland scenery. We arrive early to avoid the long lines! \u00a0  But, Big Problems: \u00a0Everything is super expensive inside Disneyland. I think it is ridiculous that we can't use our annual passes to get a discount on any of their snack trolley vendors. \u00a0We can only use the passes to get discounts on merchandise &amp; at the sitdown restaurants.  Another problem I encountered was the Disneyland parking situation. \u00a0The main parking lot gets full early. \u00a0I've seen it full by 8 am &amp; there isn't enough guidance &amp; signs that lead you to the next parking lot. I've had a few bad experiences where we've been stuck in traffic waiting for over 30 minutes at 8 AM just to get into the old parking structure. \u00a0And by the time its our turn to get into the parking lot, the parking personnel will just put cones in front of you and just tell you \"parking lot is full\" &amp; \u00a0aren't helpful in telling you where the next parking structure is at. \u00a0  We won't be renewing our annual passes anymore.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The best of theme park of California. Now so crowded and expensive for tickets. A lot of riders to play but the line to long. At night we watch firework.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is a complete joke and totally not worth the price of the passes or anything else that they charge for! Everybody should boycott/avoid Disney and then eventually the prices will come down but as long as everybody pays their prices Disney will continue to skyrocket and the owners will keep getting richer! Anyone who pays their pricesAREE SUCKERS!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So many great memories of this park as a child. It was truly a magical place unlike no where else.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Do you wanna go to the happiest, overpriced place founded by an anti-Semitic misogynist? Me neither! Save your money. I wouldn't have review this, but they kept suggesting it, so there you go. I'm not a complete hater, btw, Duck Tales rules!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "My family and I had annual passes since the 90s, but stopped renewing a couple of years ago because this place is no longer magical. What a shame. Some accountant must now be in charge that is fattening up the bottom line even if it alienates long time annual pass holders. We eventually had enough of the poor decisions this park has made that caused the magic to fade away. Save your time and money for some other place like Universal Studios or Sea World as it seems the fun times and magic have left Disneyland and found homes at parks like these. We have seen Disneyland do despicable things over the past couple of years like put Star Wars on bill boards - making it seem like Star Wars land was up and going long before it was - deceitful! People paying full price for tickets only to get into the park to find 1/5 of it closed to build Star Wars land and remaining rides shut down all too often - another bait and switch they do. I could go on and on, but there is not enough space. 3 years ago, we thought upgrading to Premium passes would bring back the good times; we tried to upgrade 3 months before our the passes we had expired, but the ticket booth wanted to charge full price ($3,000+) which was what 3 Premium Annual Passes cost, but instead of having the upgrade last the full year, the ticket person said it would expire in 3 months and confirmed to my family in a whisper that Disneyland was trying to rip us off - and they were!!!! I would give a 0 star review, but left 1 star for the ticket lady. That was the last straw for us and we have not been back since. What a shame! What a disappointment!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Love going to Disney with my family! Always a great time!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The Disney Park that started it all. Clean grounds, helpful and amazing Cast Members, wonderful character interactions, delicious food, unbelievable attractions, and so, so much more. Expect everything to be priced up a little more than you'd like, and don't be surprised if the crowds are insane (even on a school day); knowing this will hopefully make your visit a little less stressful. But even with the high prices and crowd levels, there's nothing like a day at Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland... my home away from home, my favorite place in the world, and my absolute escape when the rest of the world feels oh so boring.. on this particular trip my spouse and I got to check out the new parking structure. Boy has the parking changed! The Pixar structure is very organized, but quite large. The new walkway from parking to the actual park was very quick and made it easier then going on the tram. Getting into the park was a breeze, even though it was a busy fun filled Sunday. Using MaxPass is what saves us during the weekend, so I recommend buying it for the day if you're not a pass holder. We had the chance to try out Olgas Cantina in SWGE too... and it was what I thought it would be; loud, kinda pricey, and extremely well themed. I wouldn't probably go back again, but I did enjoy the overall atmosphere. Aside from trying the new cantina, we ate our way through various churros and popcorn all the while riding every possible ride we could. I can't say there is any bad day at Disneyland because it represents so much to me. Such an awesome place to be at! :D", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland is more than a place \u2015 it's an idea. The concept of an immersive environment presenting a heightened, escapist version of a world that has long past (or never existed) was not invented by Walt Disney, but he most certainly perfected it, and countless companies have been trying to replicate the Disney model in shopping centers, restaurants, resorts, and theme parks around the world in the decades since Disneyland's 1955 opening. But no one has surpassed the Disney parks, and Disneyland \u2015 the one park that Walt Disney walked through \u2015 is a special place among them all.  Sure, there can be a lot of things to complain about: It's expensive. It's crowded. The crowd composed overwhelmingly of locals tend to behave obnoxiously. But the place is a marvel of detailing, theming, world-building, and storytelling, and many of the attractions there are timeless fun that are as appealing to children as adults. Disneyland requires visitors to be a bit more proactive than other amusement parks \u2015 one has to research the right time to visit and study up on how to use the Disneyland app and FastPass to compete against the bloodthirsty passholder locals \u2015 but the rewards are more than worth it.  Disneyland is the greatest theme park ever. The only possible competition? Other Disneylands.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is full of money grubbing individuals that don't care about the people that spend their hard earned money here. Hopefully no one ever gets hurt here because you will probably owe them money! I will never go again!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "It is a magical place full of fun I have a wonderful time with my family I really recommend it is a magical place and very family, especially because it brings back many memories of your childhood", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This is the happiest place on Earth! I am probably extremely biased but I absolutely LOVE Disneyland! I've been coming here since I was a child and it never gets old. There's something so magical about the park, it's a beautiful experience every single time. It is truly very well though out, and I heard behaviorists helped design waiting lines so even the lines aren't terrible! Well let me tell you, it must be true because all other themes parks just seem boring in comparison to Disneyland. Tip* try to get a fast pass to come back to a ride at a later time without having to wait as long, especially the popular ones like Space Mountain.   Over the years, I've noticed that the food and merchandise has become more commercialized and more for Instagram, but I guess the park is just supplying what those demanding want. The new foods are pretty, but in my opinion, the churros and Dole Whips are still the best!   I love Disneyland! I don't like that I want to buy everything, but you know what, it's ok... Disney can have my money.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place aside from being the Happiest Place On Earth is the most honest place on earth too! \u00a0This is the 2nd time we lost valuable items and both times they're able to find it and kept for us at the Lost and Found! \u00a0Great job Disneyland Resort for always being on top of their operations. We're an annual pass holder and this is the reason why we keep coming back. See you soon.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The pro is amazing and the max pass makes life wonderful. \u00a0The Disneyland app is very accurate and being able to get your fast passes on your phone saves your feet and time to enjoy so much more. \u00a0Being able to load your ride pics and pics from around the park is so awesome we love getting our pics. \u00a0I also tried the food on the go it was so handy to just order your food and give them a time you will pick it up no lines no wait loved it!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland Resort is an experience for all.   The entire park is historically beautiful. It's amazing that Walt Disney has this (what seemed like a crazy) idea to create an amusement park for all ages. I'm a fan of Disney and all he started. I gratefully grew up being an Annual Passholder up until this past year for certain reasons, including how franchised the park has become (@ STAR WARS LAND!!) and the (younger, newer) employees being the worst people that do not understand the importance of quality customer service. But anyways, I visit continually to support Uncle Walt's idea. This park has the original everything! Making it a gem out of all the Disney Resorts. My family has had some of our best memories here and we continue to share them together in conversations when we're not at the park. All of the classics are the best rides. Sure, Disneyland is crowded, but what normally functioning theme park isn't? Disneyland is a place for children and adults alike.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth. \u00a0Truly magical, and not just for the kids. \u00a0What makes this place really shine is the effort that every cast member puts into your experience. \u00a0There is a reason so many people come here. \u00a0Best theme park in the country.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Hopefully the only time I will have to give Disney a one star. The crowd was so out of control to get out last night even an hour early. Disney lost control didn't do anything to get it back. My daughter got pushed so hard that she started to vomit. If we didn't have to catch our hotel shuttle we would of went to guest relations to complain about crowd control. Even had to shove someone into the crowd to get them to stop shoving our family. Disney you need to do a better job when the crowd gets away from you.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love going to Disneyland and enjoying all the fun times enjoyable rides and entertainment. Plenty of parking and long lines, but that is Disneyland. Definitely bring comfortable shoes, hats and sunscreen and you can bring in waters, gatorade and snacks and of course your debit card... l. The food is medium cost and nicer restaurants can be a little pricy.   Get there early and let the inner child have a blast. My favorite is the Haunted house, pirates and Indiana Jones.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always good times and family fun to be had at Disneyland they are constantly adding new attractions to keep everyone entertained and my family and I are looking forward to the new Star Wars land to be opening soon will definitely be returning", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So much has changed since the days I used to come as a kid. The magic is gone, replaced with people and strollers and wheelchairs that bump into you without so much as an excuse me or a sorry. I cannot believe how many people are in the park. You can't even park in the structure anymore. You are directed off to some lot and shuttled like cattle to the drop off zone. I can't imagine paying so much to stand around and wait for rides or food or the restroom or even the shuttle back to your car because you have had enough and just want to leave.   Not to mention, if you get caught in any of their \"special events\" half the park is closed. You are directed to go some back way just to end up in the same place but you have just added a mile to your Fitbit. Fucken stupid and as for the \"happiest place on earth\" they need to rethink that. I have not had a positive experience there yet and I just went three times.   For charging people this much maybe you should think about limiting how many people you allow in there so we actually get a chance to enjoy it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest Place on Earth!!  I've been coming to Disneyland since I was a young wee lad, and I remember when there wasn't even a California Adventure! I remember the days of parking right next to the park and not having to take a shuttle, like the Toy Story Lot shuttle to the park. Oh, those were the days....  These days, Disneyland is really bustling with young and the old, annual pass holders and tourists alike! Why? Disneyland has everything for everyone and that's why I love it!  No, this place is not overrated. The employees at the park really want to make you feel that this is where you want to be and want to help create an experience that will want you to come back for more and more. I truly believe that! There's a few things that I want to share with you why I specifically love Disneyland.  1. Tomorrowland and everything Star Wars! Between going on the Buzz Lightyear ride, to going into Space Mountain, this place is the place to be. Tomorrowland has a huge store that sells all the Star Wars swag. There's a Star Wars launch area where you can get interactive and check out some cool Star Wars stuff inside. Star Tours has been updated and is fun to ride! You got Autotopia, which is always a little fun drive around the track and is a surprisingly longer ride for what it is. Tomorrowland is my favorite and when the new Star Wars area opens, I'm sure I'll be at both still equally as much during my visits to Disneyland!  2. Fast Pass. Yes, do this. Last time I went, I saved so much time getting a Fast Pass for the rides we rode on. It just takes a little planning, but not a huge deal because you get to enjoy the park while waiting to ride instead of waiting in line. I think saving time not standing in line made me want to stay at Disneyland longer! I didn't do the Max Pass, which you can purchase which will allow you Fast Pass from your phone without having to go to the Fast Pass kiosks at the ride itself. I may do that next time!  3. Specific food that just makes it Disneyland for me! I know you can get a churro anywhere nowadays in So Cal, but for me I love a Disneyland churro! I got a chance to try the special churros that they are making for Pixar Fest and they are pretty good. Beware of the added sugar for their \"Golden\" churro. Looks beautiful, but is definitely a sugar trap!! I do love their corn dogs that you will find at the end of Main Street. Get it with mustard! Thank me later. The surprise eatery in Disneyland on our last trip was the restaurant in Tomorrowland, The Galactic Grill. Food was very fresh, great tasting, and just way better than expected! Will come back here for lunch next time for sure!  4. The rides! I love all the rollercoaster rides all the way down to riding the tea cups! I mean \"It's a Small World\" is timeless, and Big Thunder Mountain is super smooth, quick and fun! Pirates is great (you get a little wet, not too bad) and the Haunted Mansion is super cool. It's Disneyland! I try to ride all the rides when I'm here because it's safer than going shopping! LOL  5. Disneyland swag. You can get anything here. A great coffee mug, a Star Wars t shirt, maybe you want to collect Disney pins, or even a couch pillow that says, \"Be Our Guest\". They have it all. You can definitely do it up for sure, just be prepared to spend some money!  I just feel like a kid again at Disneyland, and at 40 years old, that's a good thing. I love taking my nephews here and my little sister in law. They are just so happy and that makes it for me.  Do me a favor. Plan your trip, get here early, pack water and snacks just in case, use Fast Pass, take your time and just enjoy Disneyland with your loved ones. Guarantee to have an awesome time!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "VERYYYY DISAPPOINTED!!!! \u00a0Which I didn't think was possible for Disneyland to ever disappoint me! My husband and I wanted to take our 19 month old daughter to see the Electrical Parade for her 1st time tonight. \u00a0We are annual pass holders, and have been for almost 10 years. \u00a0He suggested we order the Main Street Electrical Parade on the go packages so we can get a spot within the reserved viewing section. \u00a0I thought that was a great idea and didn't mind spending the extra money for a good area to view the parade, especially since it was for our daughters 1st time. \u00a0I noticed online when I went to book the reservation that each time slot was attached to either the 1st or 2nd show. \u00a0Well since I have a 19 month old we definitely were not going to be staying for the 1045pm show. \u00a0I noticed that all the time slots from 12pm-345pm were assigned to the 1st showing, and the time slots from 4pm-7pm were assigned to the 2nd show. \u00a0After I noticed that I then called the dining customer service for Disney and asked \"if I were to purchase and reserve 2 boxed meals for 345pm to see the 1st showing am I able to pick up the meals later?\" \u00a0The first representative I spoke to didn't really know the answer and asked if I wanted to speak to one of her leads. \u00a0I said \"Absolutely!\" \u00a0I was told I was going to be transferred to talk with Virginia. \u00a0I waited on a brief hold for Virginia, one of the \"Lead Representatives\" for Disney dining customer service. \u00a0When she answered the line she had a bit of an attitude, and didn't even say thank you for holding, or introduce herself. \u00a0That I felt already set the tone for the rest of the conversation. \u00a0I had to ask if this was Virginia I was speaking to. \u00a0She stated \"yes.\" \u00a0I then proceeded to ask her what I asked the 1st representative I spoke with. \u00a0\"If I were to purchase 2 boxed meals for 345pm to see the 1st showing, am I able to pick them up later? \u00a0I explained to her that my husband and I are pass holders and we wanted to come when we both got off work to bring our daughter to see the Electrical Parade. \u00a0We are willing to spend the extra money for the perks of getting a spot in the reserved viewing section. \u00a0She basically just said \"NO\" very rudely. \u00a0Said that the box meals had to be picked up at their reservation time. \u00a0I then asked \"why?\" \u00a0If they are pre boxed and reserved, then it shouldn't matter what time I pick up the food then. \u00a0She didn't have any other response, but \"NO!\" \u00a0I said that doesn't make sense, or isn't fair for people that want to come later (maybe just to see the parade), or don't want to wait around for 5+ hours before the parade starts, or don't want to battle the crowds for a spot to view the parade. \u00a0I understand that there are only so many boxed meal reservations given out per showing, but if I am purchasing a spot then it is already accounted for. \u00a0Disney should really re think this whole box meal/ reserved viewing process. \u00a0It doesn't make sense or isn't fair for the pass holders that just want to come for a few hours or just to see a parade.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Highly recommend the fast pass, get your rides scheduled and stand in line for others. The fast pass turns your hour wait into about 10 minutes. Large park, classic rides mixed in with their new stuff, and a lot of their rides have changed. Since I last went, the Star Wars ride is different. I love both toy story shooter games, insanely fun! Great food everywhere, just get ready to pony up the dough.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This review has nothing to do with the theme park itself. I love it. It just has to do with having to deal with lies told by Disneyland employees and Disneyland not being able to make it better.  So my friend and I purchased 2 annual passes on the payment plan and we wanted it to where she pays the down payment, and I pay the rest. When the lady did our transaction, she said she didn't know that we wanted my card for the recurring payments and told us that she completed the transaction already. However, she reassured us that we can just call and it will be an easy change. It made sense, so I didn't worry about it and enjoyed my day.   A few weeks later, I called in to change, but the person on the phone with Disneyland basically said that we couldn't because it was my friend who signed the payment contract so all cards have to be under her name. (We were not told this when purchased) After trying to convince the person that my friend couldn't pay for it and we were told we could change the card anytime, he said there was nothing he could do about it. I even offered to sign a payment contract online or in person if needed but he said he couldn't do it. My friend isn't able to pay for the payments so this frustrated me, and I would think that Disneyland would have better customer service.  In the end, I basically could only pay for the whole entire balance which is what we wanted to avoid in the first place and wouldn't have gotten these passes because we thought we can pay it throughout the year. This frustrates me and as a customer, I can't do anything but pay this huge sum in order for Disneyland to not charge my card anymore. If the lady that checked us out in the first place would have told us that, we would have to cancel the transaction and re-do it. This has made what I thought would be a beautiful experience into a negative one that I wouldn't want to recommend anyone to deal with their customer service.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I SURE miss going! I am greatful to have gotten a Disneyland annual pass last year and going every month ! Created a many memories and I cant wait for this pandemic to pass, so I can create more memories with my family!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Do not even attempt to bring babies or toddlers here! Everyone will be miserable. Imagine 80 degrees outside plus 30+ min lines for all attractions and characters. It is not fun to wait in line with toddlers or babies for 30 min to go on a 5 min ride. You cannot bring strollers in lines so you are trying to carry a bored and hot two year old in a 30 min line. I truly do not understand why so many people do this to themselves. My kids have more fun at any basic playground. I can't believe I spent $350 to be hot and wait in line all day.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The magical experience of Disney comes alive at this park. \u00a0  I grew up growing here and know the park like the back of my hand. \u00a0I have had passes most of my life and well worth the price if you are in close proximity to the park. \u00a0  Unfortunately they have got really expensive and that is the only downside.   However Disney does let you bring in food and water so you can save money there.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So much fun!! I just went with my mom and it was truly the happiest place on earth. We got the MaxPass which I highly suggest if you want to keep ride/PhotoPass pictures or if you love skipping the lines. I was a bit disappointed by the new star wars ride but overall everything was so fun! I was also very happy to know that every restaurant had free ice water if you ask for some considering how hot it can get. Overall it was an amazing experience and I will be back soon!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's always a happy and magical time going here. \u00a0The ORIGINAL DISNEYLAND. \u00a0 I always get a happiness when I go here. \u00a0I'm sure others experience the same thing. \u00a0In our own ways of coarse. Max pass is okay. \u00a0Not always needed but when you visit on a busy time I would suggest it. \u00a0But if not, it only helps a little. \u00a0Makes you worry about looking at your phone or next scheduled ride. \u00a0Put the phone away and just enjoy the fun. \u00a0 \u00a0Hope this post helps some. \u00a0HAPPY TIMES.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My 6 yr old die hard Disney fan wants to go home after 2 hours. Too Crowded. Everything is overpriced.   Most rides have over 60 mins wait time. Mascots and Disney princesses lines are ridiculous. We won't be returning anytime soon.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Waiting in line for these rides reminds me of sitting in traffic on the 405. \u00a0I spent $300 to stand in line (and the payoff is not that great) expecting that the lines would dissipate in the later hours. \u00a0I bought the tickets expecting the park to be open till midnight because that's what Siri said, \u00a0only to find out at 8 pm that it was closing early to get ready for the Halloween celebration. \u00a0How is that my problem?? \u00a0Why should we pay full price when they need to close early one night. \u00a0I did not see the park hours for the day posted ANYWHERE that day. \u00a0I called Disneyland Park and they said too bad. \u00a0Boo Disney!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Don't go. Six flags all the way! Too expensive. Not even worth my time. Definitely NOT the \"Happiest place on earth.\" Unless the Happiest place on earth is full of rude people who hate their jobs and way over priced EVERYTHING! Walt Disney would be so disappointed. He wanted everyone to be able to experience the wonderful world of Disney, but unless you have $300 to spend for the ticket (Not including food, parking, and souvenirs), then you'll never get the opportunity. I don't recommend.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This was my second time here, this time was less crowded but may have been due to weather, it was high 90's F that day. You can bring your bottle of water and refill for free. Parking on the outside lot was 25 dollars, the parking structure is more and closer just depends on your preference. There is a shuttle that brings you to the park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's my Happy Place for sure!   For the attention to detail to the entertainment Disneyland has it! I love how clean it is. Only park you can walk around in flip flops all day and not have dark, stained feet! I love how clean it is, despite the thousands of people there.   The Cast Members work so hard, I always try to show my appreciation. As I have noticed people are not so nice to them anymore and some people there work their butts off!  The food is great for a park. There is actually food I crave on a regular basis. The taco salad at Rancho Zocalo is yummy or a burger and onion rings from Smoker Jumpers Grill.   This place makes me feel young again. I love dancing to the music on main street and not care who is watching or maybe Minnie comes to join you.   Yes it can be crowded, yes it can be expensive but you make what you want out of the trip. Be prepared for that and your experience will be better.   I will actually be there in two days to celebrate my birthday and I can't think of any better place to be.....maybe a Disney Cruise but that's another review ;)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have to say I thought my husband and I would go to Disney on a somewhat regular basis for life but I don't think we will be back anytime soon. Their customer service in general has really changed and they are simply out dated across the board. I have two teen age sons and a pre-teen daughter and we have probably visited the Park 10 times over the last 20 years but this visit was just not good.  It all started with the \u00a0online reservation I made for for a hotel and park tickets. \u00a0After we booked our park tickets we decided we wanted to extend from 3 days to 4 days in the park. I called in to make the adjustment, I waited 20 minutes to speak to the disneyland customer service number and they told me for some reason my online reservations was split into two different reservations so I had to deal with one person for the hotel and another for the park tickets and since I called into general customer service they could not assist. \u00a0They said sometimes when you book online it does not show up as a full package and you have separate confirmation numbers but they only send you one email with one phone number so you have the impression that it is one order. My preference is to use the online booking but I would not recommend it for disneyland as it creates major issues if you need to adjust anything. They transferred me and I had a 45 minute wait on a Monday night of a non holiday week. When I reached the rep they told me so sorry we can't deal with 'online tickets' you need to talk to someone in person when you arrive at the park. I could not believe how non customer friendly both associates were. I always hear that Disney will go 'above and beyond' but I didn't get even basic service.   We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel which for the amount of money per night I thought \u00a0it was very very dated, there was a mess in our hotel lobby, desks and chairs all over the place, and the beds were not very comfortable.   The park itself was just dated. My pre-teen kept remarking on how most of the rides were so old and not keeping up with current themes and technology. We made the most of it and had a fine time but there are many other places I would rather go to for the cost of Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The most funnest place on earth even at my old age. Can't wait until it reopens so I can revisit my memories. The closest I got was in the parking lot where I was lucky enough to get the first dose of the COVID vaccine.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Love love love cant wait for them to open star wars land. Family friendly for all ages young to old. Lots of rides and yummy food. Summer time it can get packed but worth the memories", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My family &amp; I have been A.P holders for two years and needless to say Disneyland is my happy place. I enjoy it every time. We use the DAS (disability access system) for my son who uses his stroller as a wheelchair. The cast members are always so accommodating. (Except for when some don't let him enter through the exit , like we were told to do...&amp;they say to go get a return time.)   Aside from that nothing but good times !", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This review is specifically about the Disneyland Resort Max Pass. Many people wonder if it's worth the additional cost. For us, it was worth it. The cost as of this review is $15 per person per day and you can decide to buy it or not day by day rather than committing to buying it for your entire trip. This was useful because while we bought it three out of five days the crowd levels on two days made it unnecessary. We just went to the fast pass kiosks and got paper tickets on those days. With the Max Pass, you can select attractions once you enter the park anywhere in the park. We would select a FastPass while in standby for another attraction and it's possible to get another pass before your first pass entry time. The App tells you when you can get another. \u00a0On very busy days we were able to ride every attraction we wanted to experience between Max pass and waiting in standby in between passes. Photopass is also included so you can get professional photos at no additional cost.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So many memories for me over 40 years worth! Disneyland never disappoints no matter if it's for a few hours, few days no matter what I leave exhausted and happy with more memories. There were a few hiccups throughout the few days we were there with a rude cast member the first night st Indiana Jones and not being able to charge our phone..but nothing that could keep us down.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Seriously one of my happiest \u00a0places on Earth! The sights and sounds the rides the food amazing. A must Cafe Orleans, make reservations the Monte Cristo, the Chicken \u00a0and Polenta yum and the Jambalaya! Yum Carnation Cafe best Fried Chicken next to grandma's! I love how Disney keeps it new and fun for all ages. The best surprise is as the seasons change so so the decorations and parades. Present night light show on Main Street and Cinderella's Castle to Disney Classic Movies and Music is Epic! Can't wait to visit again.. see you real soon Mickey!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is a waste of money and time. I took my grandmother , who is 89 years young, and her smiling face was the only star worthy feature. She needed a wheelchair , which allowed us to bypass some of the lines. If I had needed to wait more than five minutes for their crappy outdated rides I would have gone crazy. The food was terrible. Poor signage caused much confusion over whether one of the restaurants was open for breakfast or lunch. Rather than put up a sign, hey had an employee keep opening the door to turn families away . Nearly $400 for all this fun. I weep for the parents who have kids who spend all this money on Disney Incorporated. Never again.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I need to amend my recent review. I was wrong about the 4th of July fireworks show being the same ol' show. I found out later that it WAS a different show from their norm. Unfortunately, \u00a0it was so crowded inside the park that we had to get out because we literally feared for our children's physical safety, so we saw the show from right outside the park and therefore did not hear the music to know that it was actually patriotic - themed. \u00a0However, having seen the show on the 5th, from inside the park, I hate to say the 4th of July show was not nearly as good as the \"regular\" show. It certainly was not worth dealing the crowd of people. That aside, I will say this: most of my bad experiences at Disneyland on the 4th of July weekend were not due to the park itself or the staff. They were due to the guests. Not all of them, but many- too many- were doing things like cutting in front of us in line (even going so far as to blatantly run in front of my 5 year old daughter) just to get ahead of 2 more people in the fast pass line! Other guests would step right in front of us during a parade or other outdoor show, look behind themselves, \u00a0see our young children, and turn back around, completely uncaring that they were blocking the kids' views and we had been there first. Other guests would fight and yell at each other or their kids for long periods of time right in front of us, completely oblivious. Another guest was smoking a cigarette right in front of us, in back of Pixie Hollow and tried to ignore the cast member asking him firmly to put out his cigarette by pretending not to understand English. Other people, clearly without qualifying medical conditions, were openly smoking weed outside the park in plain view of children and blowing the smoke out for anyone around them to unavoidably inhale. I maintain my wish for the park to figure out a way to limit the number of guests allowed in the park, but I also wish that common courtesy was more prevalent among the guests. These experiences just ruined the \"magic\" for me unfortunately. I will never go back to Disneyland onthe 4th. However, I do not blame Disneyland for its guests' offensive behavior. I simply recommend that people with strollers stay away from the park on the 4th of July to avoid the frustration and concern of having their young children possibly injured from the number of people thinking that a stroller is actually a space for them to fill in their desperation and delusional belief that it is possible for them to move more quickly than everyone else in a group of hundreds, if not thousands, of people crammed into a space not big enough for that many people to move in. I will say that we spent the earlier part of the day in California Adventure park and had a great time. Except when the Racers ride got temporarily closed so paramedics could wheel out a girl who looked fine but like she possibly hadn't been drinking enough water. I was seriously concerned when I saw the gurney go into the ride, but became slightly exasperated when I saw the young lady conscious and looking mildly embarrassed when they came out with her. \u00a0If someone is dead set on going on the 4th of July, I would recommend staying in California Adventure park all day. They also reportedly do a fireworks show on the 4th of July. I think it was at 9:45 pm. We just had to leave right after the 9:25 pm show to get back to the hotel before the traffic got too bad from the mass exodus right after the 9:25 show.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I was at Disneyland on Friday November 16th 2018. At some point during the night firework show my stroller disappeared. When I went back to the stroller location it was 9:30 right after the show. I'm aware that some times Disney crew memebers will move your stroller to another location. So then I looked in all the locations and came to the conclusion it must have been taken. When asked employees they basically said I needed to continue to look and when I mentioned all the locations I had checked they all had a blank look and just referred me to lost and found. I felt like a crazy person going back and fourth looking and triple checking locations. Finally a crew memeber called security which also looked and then had me fallow him to check again for my fourth time. Until finally making the report with lost and found by then it was 11:45pm. The stroller was filled with all my family's sweater and some merchandise bought at the park. I know this kind of thing happens often. It's not Disney's fault but I do feel they could have treated the situation better, faster and at least offered me a free stroller rental. I called lost and found this morning and nothing. I don't expect to get my things and $400 dollar stroller back. Will definitely be back to Disneyland since I am a annual pass holder along with my entire family. This post is only to express my experience and hope Disney makes changes in the way missing/stolen strollers are handled. If I wasn't a pass holder and would have lost all that time looking for the stroller I would have been devastated.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "First of all, I Love Disneyland. BUT do not come here if you are on a budget or are a cheap ass.  Look, parking is expensive. food is expensive, merchandise way overpriced. and if you have those dumb ass covered wagon looking strollers say good bye on May 1st 2019. i have a child myself and guess what i bring a small stroller or i kangaroo his ass while im there. or better yet? i leave him at home with a sitter. Disney is great, but its over crowded so dont expect to get on 1/8 of the rides here in 1 day. because you can't. if you are local BUY AN ANNUAL PASS. and not the cheapest one either. fork over the 1100 dollars for the one that includes parking. You will thank me later. if you buy the cheap pass for like 400 dollars by the time you've visited 7 or 8 times you would have spent like 200 bucks just on parking alone. so your 400 dollars pass just hit 600 and if you come more often. 700 dollars, and 800 and so on and you can't even get in on friday, saturday or sunday anyways with that cheaper pass. just buy the top ones. I come twice a week and leave after 3 or 4 hours avoiding the huge migration of people going home after 7 or 8 pm. I hit the drive thru on the way here and stock up on the dollar menu items and bring my own cokes and waters and save a ton. just have to carry a back pack but its worth it. All these reviewers are complaining about prices and crowds. Just don't come then. Its that easy. if you dont like paying 28 bucks for mickey ears? DON'T BUY EM. 11 dollars for a burger? GO TO MCDONALDS. 4.50 for a dasani? BUY SOME AT THE 99 CENT STORE. And if you think 30 to 45 minutes is way too long of a wait time for a ride. THEN DON'T RIDE. Consider yourself lucky if its less than an hour because its only going to get worse with all the star wars nerds that are going to infest this place in a few weeks. And buy those passes now because they will go up again soon. And if you are a smoker? say bye bye to your smoking area on May 1st as well because Disney will no longer let you smoke. Not because they care about health and safety. But because they want more money making space and that free area is prime real estate now. So in conclusion, check your finances, if you are iffy about being able to afford it, then you probably can't and you wont get your money's worth coming here and will end up crying about it on yelp and disney don't care about your feelings so all that IVE BEEN A LOYAL FAN SINCE I WAS A KID AND NOW DISNEY HAS BETRAYED ME BLAH BLAH BLAH will land on deaf mickey ears. they want your money or bye felicia. they will get their money from someone else so don't feel special. I went sunday and will probably go again tonight so i know what I'm talking about when it comes to crowds and prices. Go to knotts, theres a reason their annual pass is like 8 bucks a month. because they cant get Disney scale attendance numbers. you probably can get a happy ending there if you spend more than 40 bucks in one day.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Daughter got hurt on the ride . They suck Offered an 11 year old to ride an ambulance and she said no offered her to take Motrin and she can't swallow pills she said no so then we were Told to go get medical help to make sure she's ok and they would reimburse me we paid $3300.00 for Mri they found some stuff wrong but said it would heal itself. Then refused to pay us back because they said if she was really hurt she would of taken ambulance ride or pills. They suck.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Of course Disneyland is amazing. I went every few years when I was younger, but when my family moved to Southern California we got passes.  It doesn't get old. In fact, with less pressure to squeeze every drop of joy out of a day, it got better!   Disneyland always delivers, with food, rides, music. It's so fun to go with friends and family.   (Except Galaxy's Edge... that was a let-down).  P.S. It's also an amusement park, one of the best, but if you're expecting a ghost town day with no lines and affordable merch you'll be disappointed. It's not perfect, it's just the best.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "After my sons experience at this park.... it proved its NOT the happiest place on earth. To deny a very excited and happy 5YO a picture with Mickey Mouse and ON the day of his bday, it literally made me so upset. My son is very independent and talkative so he went up to the employee on his own, of course with us near. MY SON: Excuse Me, Can I \u00a0please have a picture with Mickey Mouse? EMPLOYEE: The line is closed for the day already. My son turns around (SAD)not knowing what to do, so my husband steps in. MY HUSBAND: is there anything you can do? It's his bday today and he was really excited to take a picture with Mickey Mouse. EMPLOYEE: As I said before, the line is closed already You can always come back tomorrow, we're open from X-X hours. Who in their right mind would pay $500 again to go into a theme park ONLY to take a 2 sec picture with a mouse?  A F-I-V-E (5) year old asked for a pic, A PIC and he was told no. Don't think I'll be returning any time soon.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The last time I went to Disney land was on grad night 5 years. Yesterday my boyfriends family and I celebrated my birthday there. Not only was my day ruined but today when I tried to call and make a complain to corperate the lady I was speaking to didn't seem like she cared so much of all the horrible experience that happened to me yesterday. She was just like \"we'll call back tommorow and hung up. \".   We arrived at 10:30 and only got to ride on 5 rides not only were the people from the monorail rude and sarcastic with other guests. Indiana jones and space mountain kept breaking down. Not to mention we got stuck in the middle of the ride of the pirates of Caribbean. I don't understand how Disney makes so much money a day and can't get these rides fixed. Disney is suppose to be a happy place. I defiantly was not happy especially on my birthday weekend", "rating": 1}, {"text": "On 7/7/18 we went to Disneyland to celebrate my daughter's birthday. We were expecting a fun and magical time but some employees quickly destroyed that for me and my family. We took our selfie stick into the park as we were unaware of the no selfie stick policy. \u00a0 As we were making line for Finding Nemo, a lady shouted at us to inform us that we couldn't use it. \u00a0We were puzzled for a few seconds as we had no idea. At the same time another employee standing by her whispered \"BUSTED!\" At that time, I told the older lady that we weren't aware of the policy and she shouted again \"policy is all over the park\", which I never saw during our 12 1/2 hours we were there. So, I asked the woman What we should do? By then another nicer and much more diplomatic young lady came to us and explained that she could either take it from us but that the possibility of it being lost was high or that we had to be escorted out to the car and we could leave it there. \u00a0We gave it to her and asked to please let us go on the ride first and then we could be escorted out to the car and she agreed.   As we came out from the ride there was a young man by the name of Augie who \u00a0was waiting for us, \u00a0so we asked him if he was the one to escort us to the car? And the guy said , \"Yes, just don't tell me to hold your hand cause I won't\" and I responded \"we won't ask you to hold our hand all we are asking is if you are the one coming with us to the car\" this young man, replies again \"GOOD!! Cause I will not hold your hand\" By that time I was already fuming and raised my voice at him and said \"We WON'T TELL YOU TO HOLD OUR HAND WE JUST WANT TO BE ESCORTED OUT SO WE CAN LEAVE THIS DARN THING IN THE CAR\" and Augie still replied \"Good, cause I will not hold your hand, that is why you have your daughter so she can hold your hand\" I said, \"You make no sense! just walk us out\". \u00a0As we walked to the entrance with Augie there was a young lady who was going to take us from the entrance of the park to the tram and the first thing she told us was, that \"we were being kicked out of the park for not surrendering the selfie stick, to which we responded No, We are coming back to the park, I am just dropping this off in my car\" this young lady told us \"Uh No you're not\" by then, another lady at the front overheard and interrupted the security guard and said \"They are not kicked out of the park, they're going to their car to drop it off and coming right back, just like thousands of people do on a regular basis\" .   In the end we ended up losing a ticket and had to wait an additional 45 minutes at City Hall to get a reprint.     We were treated so poorly. I thought Customer Service was Disneyland's hallmark and what made it worth the trip but I was wrong", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Words can not express the happiness and joy my wife and I experience every time we come to Disneyland. These memories will last a life time, and we are always looking forward to the next time we have the opportunity to create more.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland. If you don't know what Disney or Disneyland is then did you really ever have a good life? Legit question. Look tickets are expensive, it's the way supply and demand works, stop complaining. Lines are long, locals and tourist flock this place. It's nostalgia at it's finest. From Princesses and Mickey roaming around, to amazingly fun family rides. To many instagram worthy moments each and every corner. Turkey legs, Dole Whip Floats, and Churro's to munch on! To the fabulous pins to collect! It's every child's and adult's dream.   I didn't get to visit until I was 25 years old, 2 years ago. My family couldn't afford it. I was sad, but it just makes my visits every couple of months that much more memorable. To experience Disneyland is the only way to truly review it. Even if it's only once, to visit is to believe in the magic that is the happiest place on Earth!  My only complaint: Disney Cast Members or anyone from Disney reading this, I'm going to need to have Pocahontas and Mulan more in merchandising and to take pictures with. They're my faves!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Hi, so I would normally give Disneyland a 5 since it's my favorite place, however, one of the workers today really ruined my day with her poor attitude. We were going on Astro blasters and were in the fast pass line. We saw people leaving so we walked towards the front. Turns out, she was moving the line but didn't really instruct us well saying that we had to follow her. Then it turned into a ton of people cutting us, when we told the worker, she replied with \"Well I told you guys to follow me!\" And closed off the line, and sent us all the way to the back. She had curly long hair, with glasses and was covering her name tag. I love this place and even have tattoos of Disneyland. I have a season pass and even pay for max pass, however so many people were upset and she didn't even care. Disneyland is known for having amazing workers, but she is not one. \u00a0Super upsetting and made me upset the rest of the night. (Not trying to be entitled either, just want to be treated with respect). 2/23 @ 8:40", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Favorite place Ever!!!!!! Disney is also one of my childhood memories so yeah. Love the rides, still waiting for Pixar Fest upgrades though. I like how they are adding incredibles to Pixar Pier previously known as Paradise Pier", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Worst visit ever. I had a cast member, Daniel, on mainstreet this Saturday at 4:45 pm decide it was in his power as a Disneyland employee to physically assaults me while holding my 5 year old child. He pushed me and then got in front of me again and physically pushed me agian and told me to watch myself. Then when I called to make a complaint, the person on the phone was rude and hung up. Last time I waste my money at Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Well, Disneyland is a depressing place when you're not 12 anymore. You'll immediately notice that it's entirely dominated by overweight Middle Americans, pissed off parents, screaming brats, and sad old ladies obsessed with princesses. You'll then have to wait in frustratingly long lines for rides sponsored by Brawny paper towels. I tried to stay positive but it was basically impossible. I mean, what's good here besides your childhood memories? I guess I was mostly curious about how the park had changed since I last visited close to two decades ago. This is Anaheim so don't count on any alternatives in terms of sophisticated cultural events. The \"culture\" here is Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I would give this place give 0 stars If I could. Way too many people, long lines, and way too expensive, several rides had \"technical difficulties\" just when it was time for us to use fast pass. Also, fast pass can only be used once every two hours. Overall a bad experience. \u00a0  Forget about watching the parade, the curb sides are hogged by the annual pass holders, who will use towels, electric wheel chairs and many such things to reserve the area for others, and if you want to stand back the park employees will threaten you that you will be escorted out of the park if you don't move. This is after spending 500+ dollars on a three person visit.  This was my last visit to Disneyland, it is not the same delightful experience it used to be several years ago.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Don't bother.  The biggest scam and rip-off.  I have been an annual pass holder for several years, on and off, and it's not the \"Happiest place on Earth\". \u00a0Try the busiest rat trap on Earth.  I have chosen to not renew my annual passes, and my poor little 5 year old is the victim of greedy corporate shareholders who care more about their pockets, rather than what Disneyland was created for - for children.  Even when we had our passes, it was always packed and a big waste of time. \u00a0It's like a humongous concentration camp, but everyone is aimlessly wandering around in amazement at all the facade that's keeping them in the tragic kingdom.  And then there is the parking problem. \u00a0You pay $100 for parking an it takes you literally an hour from the time you park to the time you get to the gate to stand in line for another 20-30 minutes! \u00a0How is this fun? \u00a0It's exhausting.  If you park in Downtown Disney and get a validation, it's still a pain, because you have to run out every 5 hours to move your car. \u00a0You stick it to them because you're not paying for parking, but it's a big inconvinience, and only the Socal pass holders really know about this.  I understand it's about supply and demand, and a lot of people want to go to Disneyland. \u00a0But it doesn't take away from the fact that they have not done anything to reinvest and make the park larger to accommodate that growth. \u00a0What they've done is added new rides and features which has caused demand to go even higher.  I spoke with Mary in public relations and asked her about their \"Community Involvement Program\" which basically allows permanently disabled guests to come within the first 8 weeks of the year for free or with a big discount. \u00a0Great. \u00a0That means I have to be handicapped to enjoy coming to Disneyland? \u00a0Seriously?  Who makes this stuff up and makes it ok?  Until they fix this problem, I won't be participating in this scam. \u00a0Mickey Mouse isn't a mouse, he's a RAT. \u00a0A greedy rat who cares about nothing else but his own pocket.  How about the poor people who save all their hard earned money and travel who knows how far to come to Disneyland, and then have this crappy experience. \u00a0I can't even imagine how pissed I'd be if I had to go through that.  I think if enough people stand up and complain and make them understand it is a big deal, and kids are getting hurt with their actions, then who knows, maybe they will do the right thing and lower the prices again.  SHAME ON YOU DISNEY! \u00a0SHAME!  I would avoid this rat trap of a place and go to Knotts, or somewhere else where you can enjoy what you pay for.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I've been coming here since I was a little girl and its still the happiest place on earth", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I think Disneyland is wonderful. The rides are well done and the park is not only clean but impeccably maintained. The staff is nice and well-trained. So then, why the one-star rating? My objection is that it is so ridiculously expensive and usury in so many ways. Disneyland is clearly a memorable event but it is also an extravagance that severely taxes most young families' budgets. Many families finance their stay in order to afford going.   So why then doesn't Disney cut these families a little break? \u00a0They offer children's menus but the cut off for a child is 9 years old. Would it kill them to make it 12 like nearly every other place in the country?  Upon checkout, our 12 year old must have used the room phone to call some of his friends' cell phones. Each call resulted in a $6.50 charge! \u00a0Come on. That's pretty steep even for a resort hotel.   We were informed that canceling our dinner reservation outside 24 hours would result in a $10 per person penalty. Seriously? If we changed our mind and decided to eat elsewhere our group of 8 would be subject to an $80 penalty? \u00a0At least this charge, unlike the $6.50 phone call charges, was disclosed and we could plan accordingly.   I realize businesses have to make money. I see the logic of charging cancelation fees and for phone calls (even though it is 2017). But of all the iconic American establishments, I'd think that Disney would be a little more sympathetic to those who are falling deep in debt to finance their family dream vacation of a lifetime to the Happiest Place on Earth.   How about $2.00 for a call? $10 versus $10 per person cancelation fee? \u00a0  While I'm bitching, it would be nice to have a decent -sized television with HD in our $700 per night room.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We had the most magical experience with our friends and their daughter on her third birthday. Jason around 4:15 who was at Alice in wonderland granted an awesome 3rd birthday experience to Emilia by getting her a second ride on Alice and wonderland and on storybook. He is the example of a magic worker and everything Disney.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place used to be fun. Now days you can't even buy a meal popcorn etc without waiting in a long line. I must be crazy to spend that kind of money and be miserable. 3 hrs in got on 2 rides only because it was be because or 10 am. We wanted to sit down fir some breakfast and if you didn't have a reservation they couldn't seat you. This pkace is a money pit and i have plenty of money but no patience fir a over crowded amusement park. Good by Disneyland forever", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Horrible experience! \u00a0Got up \u00a0early to get on the new resistance \u00a0ride and wouldn't you know it breaks down while i'm line. \u00a0If you leave the line they won't let \u00a0you back in, so your stuck in a car ramped hallwY with all \u00a0you closest friends", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Still one of the happiest and most enjoyable places on earth. I'm not sure what more I can say that hasn't already been said with all the reviews here. I love coming here. I never was able to come as a child either but I still enjoy it as an adult. I wish I could come more often.  I feel a little connected to Walt Disney. While I was in College, I was asked to do a research paper on the day I was born and realized I was born the day He passed away. I would hope that maybe I waived to him as we passed each other through the realms of life and death. Thanks Mr. Disney for all you did to make the World a better place.   P.S. I just hope Walt Disney is ok with all the commercialism that has occurred, and I hope that those in charge will always try and keep things to a minimum so that all children can have a chance to come and enjoy Walt Disney's Dream.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So many bad experiences at the happiest place on earth. You would think after 62 years that they would have a better handle on traffic flow, allowing to many people into the park to where you could not even move, rude employees, better system for checking bags (or a line for people who don't have bags), everything was so expensive and while I understand the reason for taking your pic when you first go in it takes way to much time (for on line purchases have people do it ahead of time) and the magic hour not all rides are available. I will never be back", "rating": 1}, {"text": "of course, my favorite place on the planet. i love Disneyland, i can go and literally never get tired of it.  my annual passport just expired on my birthday and I haven't purchased a new one yet, but I'd totally recommend getting one if you live in SoCal, free parking, Merch and food discounts, very little to no blockout dates.  the holidays are just beautiful, food is amazing, and the rides are just the best!   the maxpass also makes the day at the park even better, with photos and fast passing rides through the app!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Crowds, crowds, did I say there were crowds. The average wait time when my girlfriend and I went with the Disneyland maxpass was 45 min if you wanted to wait in the stand bye line (any of the rides) 90 min or more", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I always have the most fun here. A truly magical experience for those of all ages!!! The holidays is so beautiful and a must see. Indiana Jones is one of my favorite rides as well. The cast members go out of their way to provide that special magic.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's interesting that Disneyland is under staffed on one of the busiest days I have ever seen. It's like they are trying to save money even though they charge premium prices to get in. They were even running out of food while we were there. Crazy talk. This is the worst experience I have ever had at Disneyland.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "DONT GET HURT AT DISNEYLAND!!! \u00a0My 5 year old son hit his head on the Matterhorn after the employee that was checking the seat belts told him that the hand rails were over rated and he should hold his hands up. When the ride ended, my wife heard my son crying and she saw him bleeding from his forehead. The guy loading the riders asked my wife if he cut his head on her ring... Really guy?? \u00a0No he was bleeding profusely out of a 1cm cut in his eyebrow line after hitting his head on the bobsled during the ride. His shirt and pants covered in blood and the ride attendants asked us if we wanted a nurse to come look at him. Well, ya... So after waiting for about 15 minutes for the nurse to come to where we were she cleaned the cut with a soapy solution and told us it needs to be stitched. Then she gave us a piece of paper and told us to go to one of the hospitals listed on the paper. Really Disneyland? \u00a0You have millions of people per month coming and going through out the park and you do not have some kind of urgent care on site. I'll pay for it or have it go through our insurance, but have something, anything would be nice. And what do you do for guests that don't speak English or are from another country? \u00a0Do you just send them on their way to have them figure it out by themselves? \u00a0There was not even an offer to call a cab for us since we came to the park on a hotel bus. They told us we needed to take the bus back to the hotel, get our car and go to the ER then take the bus back to the park. How inconvenient is that? \u00a0That's a 4-5 hour round trip! \u00a0When we asked to speak to someone about the incident, we were given another piece of paper with Disneyland Guest Relations phone number on it and were told to call Monday thru Friday during \"Doctor's Hours\" whatever that means. \u00a0 We are a family of 5 with an infant, so even if I stayed I could not send my 7 year old daughter in line to fend for herself. Just a complete waste of a day and $$$$ with not a mention of tickets to return at a later date or refund. It's just disappointing that Disneyland of all places would treat their 5 year old guest like they did. My son doesn't want to go back to the \"Happiest place on Earth\" which is sad. \u00a0This is an epic failure on the Disneyland staff and how they handled this injury.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "LOVE LOVE LOVE DISNEYLAND, love the positive energy and people. Will always come as long as we have season passes.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Advertised as the happiest place on earth... but In reality the employees here make you feel like the most burdened, in their way, and you are on their time. Don't get in their way. Don't take to long to answer a question. \u00a0Because these staff members will Make you feel like you are in their house and you should be a service to them by staying out of their way. Today I visited Disneyland with my niece and nephew it was their first visit, They had a blast seeing a lot of new attractions they've never seen before however the stress I had to deal with almost every ride,concession stand,Starbucks or even the gift shops was overwhelmingly. I expect attitude from a couple bad apples of the bunch but I didn't expect that much attitude and aggression from majority of the cast members at Disneyland. It was like they all just had found out they were loosing their 401k plan and taking it out on all the guest. I'm not sure what was going on this day but it made my Disneyland experience with my little ones a very bad experience. Maybe it's just the Los angles location because I would expect more for Disney land cast members.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can I say it's the happiest place on earth! As annual pass holders we go a lot to Disney park even if it is just to walk around and eat. Plenty of places to eat, shop, and get desserts. Rides are all so wonderful. If you get lucky and go on a day that isn't super busy you will be able to get on all the rides without waiting forever. Awesome place for the little ones. It is priceless to see the look on our little girls face every time we go. The characters to take photos with makes the memory even more worth it. Excellent customer service here always, it is just the Disney way. Overall this place is absolutely worth going to. You will love it every time like it is your first time.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I miss you Disney. Would love to come back to your magical land and play. This COVID has been so hard. It would be nice to live in wonderland for a few days.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "So this place is supposed to be the happiest place on earth not really.....so we have a park hopper ticket we went to Disneyland first put our bags down in a locker \u00a0and then went to California adventure...and the guy scanning \u00a0our card his name is Javier ....yelled at me and said well why are you coming to this park ....and I said because it's a park hopper..............and I asked for his name and he \u00a0said why do you want me to write it down ....so not satisfied....and on top of that I have to deal with this hassle on my birthday", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This review is solely based on the security measures taken when I had an incident when I went to the park, Mike in security handled the report in such a matter that I will never forget he was attentive and kind and was very \u00a0nice. I just wanted to say thank you! I got my belonging back when he went back to look for it he didn't just take a report but he went to look for my stroller which he found.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have a doctor's note that I can't walk for a month but Disney will not refund my money for the Sept. 21 Halloween event (2 tickets). The event is sold out so I'm sure some other guests would want to buy it from Disney. They said I could rent a wheelchair for $70 but won't bring it to my car, let me park close to the wheelchair, or let me rent it for free given they won't refund my money. They don't care I cannot walk to the wheel chair or that they have other people that will buy the tickets from them.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "There have been scheduled closes this week, but in addition to that they have not open all of the rides at opening. \u00a0Also closed \u00a0multiple rides while we have been standing inline. \u00a0Disney is being real crap this week. \u00a0Crazy to pay full price and only have half of the rides open. \u00a0 I think they should stop buying other businesses and maintain Disneyland. Before you read this and think I \u00a0am just a negative person. \u00a0Know I am far from that. \u00a0I hope Disney is not going bankrupt. \u00a0 Not sure I will come back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland. It makes me happy and that's what matters, right? My boyfriend and I have been APs for almost three years and although I do wish there were more perks for us... we have the top tier pass so we are happy with the discounts we do get. Did I mention I love Disneyland?", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Had my little 5 year old cousin coming here all the way from Canada and she absolutely loved it! She went to both parks and saw her favorite character princesses! She wants to come back on her birthday next year and do it again!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I love Disneyland but the staff is horrible and rude.... You can't be the happiest place on earth when your staff obviously doesn't want to be there", "rating": 1}, {"text": "5 Stars for The House Of Mouse! I love everything about this castle. Every single staff member is in the best of moods always. We ran into a little issue and needed to find shoes for one of my girls during our last visit and were directed to the right direction. Once that was underway we were able to enjoy the park, ride a few rides thanks to our max pass never waiting in line more than 10-15 mins. We were able to Catch the Pixar fun-parade and fireworks. A nice staff member suggested we stand on Main Street if we coco fans and I'm so glad we listened it was beautiful performance. Be ready to wait around for a good spot. We were in the middle of Main Street which is closed off an hour before the show I think. You'll see the rope closing off the section I would say ride your last ride and get a spot. Grab your coffee and treats and enjoy the show!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What can I say?! It truly is the happiest place on earth!! We have annual passes so we come and go as we want. Lines can be long, but that's ok. It can get hot, but that's ok. There are too many rides to name, a lot of food to try, and a lot of laughter to share.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Normally, I LOVE Disneyland, but I had an experience recently that was just HORRIBLE! I was parking my car in the Toy Story lot on a weekday. I had taken the day off work to take my daughter. I suffer from Crohn's disease and was having a rough day. At the parking lot, I was directed to the last spot in an aisle, but I was very fatigued from all the loading and loading of the stroller. I politely asked the women working the parking if I could go the next row - I've asked that before and it's been no issue, Disney employees are usually awesome. But these women were so unbelievable rude to me! One called me a rich, spoiled, white girl and told me if I didn't like where she was putting me, I could leave. I was shocked! I have never encountered ANYTHING as rude as these women. I took a photo of them and was so upset that I was literally shaking and crying by the time I got to the Toy Story buses. The employees at the front tried to help me, but nothing was done to these horrible employees. When I went to Disneyland last week, the same women were working there. I cannot believe that a company as reputable as Disney, would employ such racist, rude people. They ruined my day with my daughter over something that would have been no issue for them. I still cannot believe that these women suffered no consequences and plan on writing Disney ASAP!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Worst ever for buying tickets just to get in!!! Short lines still it's been over 1 hour!! Stupid on there part!! Some people have left!!! They don't care", "rating": 1}, {"text": "ALL HAIL THE HOUSE OF MOUSE! \u00a0Lol, seriously- Disneyland truly is magical. Every time I go, I'm transported to a land where I forget that I'm an adult with responsibilities; and again am \u00a0a 5 year old where the world is distinctly separated into both \"good\" and \"evil\". \u00a0One with princes, princesses, dwarfs, fairy's, dragons....and of course- a talking mouse. \u00a0Be smart- read a few blogs on how to get the most of your vacation for your budget- and you will have the time of your life!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "God awful experience. Shocked at their crowd management skills, or lack thereof. It took 3 hrs from getting in line to enter the parking lot until I got in the park itself. The downtown Disney security checkpoint was a disaster. No lines, just a mess of humanity trying to squeeze in. My kids are exhausted and miserable and I don't think I have ever been this unsatisfied with a holiday experience", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Ridiculously overpriced, only to wait in lines for 30 to 45 minutes. For a ride that lasts only two minutes. I was raised in Southern California and dread going there. The kids like it for the excitement but as parents of two children the cost for two adults and two children could easily cover the cost of a long weekend in Cabo. If you've been to Disney once, returning is not worth it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Happiest Place on earth. Stay at one of the hotels and go into the park before it opens to the rest of the public and ride all of the rides before it gets crowded. Go back to hotel and relax. Come back in the evening for dinner and firework show. :)", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We've been annual pass holders for many years, and Disney has always been a favorite. Love our second park now (California Adventure). Always a lot to do and interesting little tidbits hide in every attraction/store/restaurant. Use the Disney app to help with many questions and maps and whatnot, as well there are some cool twitter feeds that tell you about \"hidden menus\" and trending/seasonal hidden gems.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have to say that after not going for 2.5 years and then returning this year in Oct. 2019 thinking it was \"off season crowds\" that turned out to be a joke! \u00a0First day we get there, we're waiting in a 45 to 60 minute line just to get through security. \u00a0Then to add salt to the wounds, after waiting this long and getting almost up there to the security entrance a guy and his girlfriend decide to come up and stand in front of us in line like they knew the people in front of them, which they didn't. \u00a0I made the comment about where did they come from and the guy just stood there but his girlfriend stayed back behind us. \u00a0That ticked me off. \u00a0I couldn't believe they were so abrasive to just walk up and take cuts like this. \u00a0Not only did this happen that day but it happened two other times to us in Disneyland. \u00a0The second time we're in line for the train and a young couple come up and push their way past us and stop in front of us. \u00a0I'm thinking... what the hell....the other time I was in line to buy some water at a kiosk and 2 women came up behind me and went around me and in front of me while the woman that was being waited on left with her stroller. \u00a0I finally said excuse me I was here first and then they sarcastically motioned me to go ahead and then proceeded to call me names in spanish which I know. \u00a0:P \u00a0 The Golden Horseshoe use to give out 4 pieces of fish with fish and chips but no, now they raised the prices and dropped the amount of fish you get. \u00a0What the heck. \u00a0The women's bathroom hand soap comes out scantly and you can barely wash your hands with what is given and that's after I tried 3 times to get soap at once. \u00a0Ridiculous. \u00a0 Now they changed the fast passes .... they linked the 2 parks together so you can't get some at one park and then at the other. \u00a0Tight wads. \u00a0They raise they prices to get into the park and give the public less and less and the crowds just keep coming. \u00a0I don't get it. People are paying more for less!!! \u00a0It's absurd. \u00a0They close the California park twice a week at 6:00pm for some Halloween Bash, which in turn causes the people that didn't reserve tickets months ago to bleed back into Disneyland which is already packed. \u00a0I tried to sit and just enjoy the sites of downtown Disney like I did years ago. \u00a0But you can't enjoy it ... I was sitting at the Holly Jolly restaurant and realized all I can see is people. \u00a0I can't enjoy the sites because of the swarm of people. \u00a0And what about the double strollers rule. \u00a0I thought they weren't going to be allowed?? \u00a0I got rammed in the hip with a handle from a woman who was steering one of those strollers through the crowded streets. \u00a0 We completely skipped Magic Morning. \u00a0We figured we would be spending all the time in line and what's the point. \u00a0There was no magical feeling like it use to feel. \u00a0I felt like a head of cattle most of the time trying to follow the crowd in the right direction so you don't get separated from your group. This vacation was NOT a vacation....it was stressful, competitive and unrelaxing. \u00a0We spent less money here this time because we wanted to get out of the park because it was so bad. \u00a0One night we were planning eating dinner there but the crowds were so bad, we decided to leave the park and go eat elsewhere. \u00a0 The benches .... where did they go? \u00a0Yeah Yeah, I read that they removed benches to make more room. \u00a0More like, lets remove more benches, so people can't sit around. \u00a0So that they are forced to walk around and that way they will eventually end up in a store and buy something. \u00a0That's what I see. \u00a0Disneyland CEO's are greedy, money hungry and are in the process of destroying Disneyland, for sure. \u00a0The Star Wars ride sucked! \u00a0By the afternoon, older rides have more of a wait line than that ride has. \u00a0Star Wars ride is a complete failure!!!!! I use to feel bad about leaving on the last day of vacation from Disneyland, this time I couldn't wait until the last day came and went so we could get back home!!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Popcorn line!?!?!?!?! Really?!?!? If your going to check is for passes and the line looks like this get more help! We pay a lot of money and this is very ridiculous! One person doing everything ? Come on now! RIDICULOUS! \u00a025 minutes for popcorn! Hopefully u take my suggestion and have two people doing this or do u just not care ! Thanks for coming!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Just not worth it. Waste of money and time. Overrated . Highly disappointing. I have given one star because there is no option for negative points. You spend 96 dollars for one person and additional 17 for parking and all you get is long wait in lines and when you get to the entrance after a 50 minute wait they will tell you the ride is closed.This happen twice. I came here with my wife to have a good time but this place just spoiled it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So far the we have been sitting in the tram from the parking garage for over 20 minutes without it moving. \u00a0 \u00a0They said there is construction? ??? \u00a0Really???? We fought traffic for 2 hours to get here amd then sit some more. \u00a0 Just great!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Have I never reviewed Disneyland before??? Impossible! Well, maybe I thought it wasn't worth reviewing, because too many people already go and love Disneyland. And if you haven't been, then good for you. You can't miss something you've never experienced.  Here's the short story: Lines are long, almost everything is expensive, it can be hot some days, and you're going to need more than a day to experience everything. But Disneyland is definitely magical. The place is perfectly manicured, most everyone who works there is wonderful and nice, everything is maintained well, and I trust them with my life.  The long story: This place is super high maintenance. People who don't know or think about it may take this place for granted until they go to another amusement park where everything is a disappointment. It's true, it happened to me. I loved going to Disneyland, but I didn't really pay attention to why until I got a free admission to another theme park. And boy, was I appalled at everything at that different theme park from the employees to the questionable rides that I refused to go on, to the smelly and gross bathrooms. And it was a similar experience at another smaller theme park, but the crowds weren't as bad. I came back to Disneyland and realized how much effort, money, and magic they put into everything at Disneyland. The place is immaculate. You can't find gum stuck under any table if you went looking for it. Everything you see, hear, feel, touch, and eat is planned by someone at Disney and it's very much under appreciated. Even the occasional stinky bathroom is maintained well, especially with the number of people that go in and out in just an hour. Every flower, every tree is perfect. Take a look next time you're there and see that even the horse drawing a carriage is a handsome Disney horse. Go ahead, look at the horse and tell me he's not a beauty! The food has been knocking it out of the park and very unlike the other theme park's food. Did you know they do all the maintenance work at night? Trimming trees or painting walls or decorating for Halloween or Christmas etc everything is done overnight. I feel like I can go on the Guardians or the Incredicoaster 200 times a day and never worry about my safety. Every surface is clean, especially with so many kids running around and touching everything. A pretty penny is worth spending here if you have it. Yes, the lines are a drag so we usually skip rides that have too long of a wait. Even so, Disneyland manages to keep most people happy and courteous of each other. It really is like being in a magical place, if there is such a thing.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This place is truly where dreams come true.  Nothing about this place lacks. Fireworks, food, merchandise, rides, and the history of Disneyland. Meeting your favorite characters from your favorite movies, what else could you need in life?", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Family loves it. Expensive but well worth it given the experiences it creates and the living memories. My family loves going here. We have been pass holders for 7 years now.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "has disneyland lost there ever loving minds!! they raised the price again which amazes me considering they started a huge measels outbreak ...you would think some better marketing would be deployed here by lowering the price to bring people back in. what happened to the disneyland that was for the families now its for the wealthy and tourist...i cant even take my family as it costs more than my damn car payment to do so ...i reccommend knotts far more fun, no measels outbreak and cost efficient!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Best place in the world!!! I seriously forgot where I parked in the in the parking structure and the security there is amazing! They went up and down each aisle, and went on every floor to find my car... definitely the happiest place in the world.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Dear Disneyland,   I remember when it was actually fun to go here, now this place is always going through something. We are season pass holders, we have the one that has no restrictions and I think it's unfair that every time we have gone for the past year, a number of rides are shut down or when we are in line, we are told to get out, because the ride broke down.  Listen, I'm ok with paying the amount I pay for season passes, but I expect the rides to be working for the most part.   I'm sure this post will not get through or it will but then get removed, since this is a big business.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Planning vacation for 15 family members and am getting the worst customer service I have ever received from Disneyland. California resort messed up rooms and just recently got them straightened out. Just had the ticket department tell me that they won't approve my ticket order even with my bank tells me the transaction was approved on their end when it was initially submitted. Now Disney tells me I can't get tickets except in person. You have to call separate departments for everything you want to set up. No customer service but they have a lot of excuses and say they are sorry that they can't help me. If it wasn't for me young grandchildren I wouldn't go there.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What's not to like? \u00a0It's the original Walt Disney Park. \u00a05 stars!!!!! \u00a0For some reason, it is always 100 degrees when I'm here... Perfection!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I absolutely love Disneyland. Don't get me wrong, lines are a con especially when new things open up and I feel bad for the people that can go only for one day because some annual passholders get greedy and know how to work the systems. I definitely would recommend bringing people of all ages here for the rides and photo ops. Personally, I love regular days at Disneyland. I only recommend going to special Disney after dark events only once because it's basically the same things with some small adjustments each year. Definitely check out the food, parades, rides and drinks!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's Disneyland. \u00a0The happiest place on Earth. \u00a0You MUST be mentally prepared for long lines, lots of people, not everything being perfect and to spend lots of money. \u00a0If you don't...then you'll be disappointed.  Best advise. \u00a0Get the Maxpass. \u00a0It was the BEST advice from a colleague of mines. \u00a0Once we came through the gates of the park, I got it and quickly got the Fastpass for the MUST attractions (\"Fantasmic\" and \"World of Color\") to ensure I got a good spot to watch. \u00a0So much better than to physically run to the assigned spot to get the Fastpass. \u00a0Also with the MaxPass you can get up to 3 Fastpasses at 1 1/2 hour intervals. \u00a0I hope I make sense. \u00a0If I don't....then please research.  This is the first major trip with the mister and we had a 6 year old in tow....and we had a blast. \u00a0PREPARATION IS KEY! \u00a0Snacks (a must so NO ONE has a breakdown) - CHECK; Warm Clothes (in case someone gets wet or gets cold) - CHECK; Extra Battery Pack (for phones) - CHECK; Hydroflask (to stay hydrated) - CHECK. \u00a0The mister opted to have it all in his backpack and carry it rather than get a locker.  We got a 2 day pass, but the mister wanted the option to visit one park per day rather do the multi park option. \u00a0Reason one, cheaper. \u00a0Reason two, it allowed us concentrate on ONE park rather than bounce between two. \u00a0I have to say...I've never done this before and in the future, I just might do this. \u00a0It was so much better to explore every inch of the park.  Of course visiting in October there was the fall and Halloween decor. \u00a0Which was great for the little...well...great for anyone! \u00a0One day I hope to visit during winter/Christmas.  It was also the first time I had the Plaza Inn Fried Chicken. \u00a0WOW! \u00a0Juicy, seasoned well and crispy! \u00a0The mister had that plate along with mashed potato and green beans. \u00a0I had the pasta with 1/2 bolognese and 1/2 pesto so the little and I could share. \u00a0We opted to just stick to our hydroflask and refilled water there. \u00a0I didn't want to have a sugar rush then slump and figured if I just stay hydrated with water, I'd last longer.  Also with the Maxpass, all photos throughout the park via Disneyland photographers and rides can be downloaded onto the app on your phone. \u00a0Once downloaded you can save the photos to your phone and you're free to do as you please (ie: \u00a0share on social media, send to friends and family, print your own photos, wallpaper pics, etc). \u00a0I tried to utilize this to the best of my ability....of course it meant standing in a few more lines, but to get the iconic pic next to the Mickey pumpkin or in front of the castle are great to have it done professionally. \u00a0Also....there are a few times we scored \"magic\" photos were the photographer may have you pose in a certain way...when the pics are downloaded, there's an animated character appearing as if it was there with you! \u00a0So great to see the little's expression!  The rides are always a blast and seriously...if you use the Maxpass right and get the fast passes on in order correctly, you'll breeze through the park(s) in a jiffy!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The staff has been really rude and that's in the beginning of the day. Not enough characters that the kids can enjoy. There's no mulan, no Pocahontas, we only saw white princesses. No other characters besides the regular ones. If you're coming with a toddler good luck because they hate waiting in 2 hour lines just to see a knock off looking characters. The princesses don't even look like themselves at all. It's way too crowded to even enjoy. They need to stop charging ppl so much for such a tiny park or make it bigger.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "So, I've been coming here for about 30+ years, and never been disappointed. \u00a0Sure, I've had a few minor gripes, but nothing major. \u00a0I do dislike how every time my pass (the elusive SoCal) is up for renewal \u00a0and I never get an email/mail. \u00a0Last year it slipped (expired) because I never received anything. It was a nightmare to get it reinstated. \u00a0After three phone calls to no avail. \u00a0I used the generic email messenger and I actually got a reply. \u00a0They allowed me to re-obtain the pass if I was able to drive down to the park within two weeks. \u00a0So kudos to Disney and the customer service rep. \u00a0  Yes, Disneyland is expensive. \u00a0It can cost anywhere between $120-$180 for a single ticket or park hopper. \u00a0However, if I go to a Dodger game it's going to cost me $80 for a decent seat and $25 for parking. \u00a0I could also catch a Cirq show in Las Vegas for $120-$200. \u00a0Both those events last about 2-4 hours and are short lived. \u00a0So dropping money at Disneyland for 8-12 hours of fun isn't that bad in the grand scheme of life.   The experience is always great. \u00a0Disney is always upgrading the park: Galaxy's Edge, Pixar Pier, Pixar Structure, and now Marvel. \u00a0They also upgrade the park by clearing walkways in Adventure Land and New Orleans square. Disney clearly isn't squandering your money away. \u00a0  Then there is the food. It's legit. \u00a0From Dole Whips to Corn Dogs. \u00a0From Beignets to Fried Chicken. \u00a0Not to mention their seasonal items that keep on coming. \u00a0  I don't see how you could give them anything less then five stars, but hey that's just my opinion...", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I've been an annual pass holder for the past 5 years and I will not be renewing my pass. This place has quickly gone down the drain in every aspect. They no longer care about the visitors actually having a good time here. There's so much construction going on in so much of the park that you literally spend most of the time going around it. I feel like this year I payed a lot more money for a lot less Park. They now hire pretty much anyone willing to work for the peanuts they pay and these people are so miserable and over worked they take it out on the park guests every chance they get. Disney employees used to be nice, helpful and polite (kind of like Trader Joe's employees) now they simply don't give a rats ass, they hate being there and they will make sure you know it. A lot of the rides are closed constantly, it's a crap show. It's so sad to see this happen because so many of us have so many wonderful memories here, however this past year it's been nothing but a headache and it's probably going to continue getting worse. A lot of the people I've met and talked to there were also extremely unhappy and don't plan to renew their passes either. I'm gladly going to take half the money I spent here and buy passes and memberships to other places where they still value customer service. F*** this place!  * oh and the picture is buzz happily trying to take a picture with my son before that big ass ray of sunshine got in the way and ruined it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Way too over priced for a family trip. Try pushing around a stroller? Good luck too many people. Not fun. \u00a0Lines too long for kids. They don't have the patience. \u00a0I would suggest Knotts! Less people and more kid friendly.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "They over sell the park and put the burden on the consumers! They have gotten way too greedy.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I visited at the end of September 2018 and it's been a few years ever since I've been back but it was my fianc\u00e9's first time and we both had a great experience!  This was the trip that I will forever remember since it was the time that he proposed to me! :)  ALL of the staff were super nice! Everywhere we went, everyone was always so helpful and kind. The MaxPass that includes the FastPass and PhotoPass are totally worth it! Definitely download the Disneyland App for the total experience!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I wish I could give zero stars. Insane. Magic does here. Every single ride broke down. On three rides we got the following announcements after being in line for over 30 min each: temporary closed. We do not know when it will reopen. Welcome to stay or leave.  How awesome! All this is after I stood in line for 60 minutes to upgrade to a hopper pass. Because only 6 ticket boxes were open!!!! \u00a0They served ONE customer for each 10-20 minutes! \u00a0When we complained no one cared! \u00a0So after losing an hour and having only 4 hours to park closing we were turned away on three rides! The app crashed constantly. Couldn't navigate or buy fast passes.  All staff was rude and useless. Offered no help or compensation. Just kept saying sorry. Wow.  Most aggravating trip ever. Such a waste of money. All this after an AMAZING Disney world trip Thai spring.  Disney needs to reconsider its strategy in California. Lost me and my kids for life. And met a whole lot of people who said this place is falling apart for years now.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland should only get one star for over pricing themselves so poor people and middle-class cannot afford to go there.  Walt Disney would flip over in his grave because of this I worked there back in 1980's it's so sad the number of Sheldon that would love to go see Disneyland but their parents can't afford it", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Now they steal your face.  You buy a ticket but when you get to the entry, they REQUIRE you to have your photo taken. \u00a0Now Disney's facial recognition database has your picture which they can use or sell. Go to Universal or go to the beach!!  Also, no discounts for nighttime entry as they used to. \u00a0Means you pay roughly $30 per ride, since in 4 hours you might get on 4 rides if you are lucky. \u00a0NO FAST PASS if you enter at night because they already gave the slots away earlier.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Great rides. Don't want to stand in line forever in the heat? DL the app and plan your rides, order food and see the characters in the park. We were in the places before the characters were because of the app. We knew the wait times of the rides so we could plan around food times so no one got hangry. Make SURE you visit the Dole Whip place in the summer. It's by the Tiki Room. Have an impatient person with you who doesn't like to shop? No problem. Use the app to order stuff from the Disney store so you can have it shipped to you home for later.   Tip: Radiator Springs Ride(cars) was a 75 minute wait. Our family of 4 chose single rider and the wait time was 5 minutes if that! If the people in your party are old enough to ride by themselves, do the single rider. It will save time for other activities.   Bring drinks, OTC pain meds, sunscreen, hat and Dollar Store shades for summer and a light jacket for the nighttime Electric Parade. Plan on walking close to (if not more) 10 miles the first day you are in the park. Get good shoes. Also don't break in brand new shoes in the park the first day.   Important tip: Take a picture of your parking space so you won't forget. They have changed a lot of the parking with new characters and trams for the better.   Have fun! Dress is those tall socks and meet Captain America! Wear that beautiful dress with lipstick to match! Here the beauty is in the character details. Have you made your Mickey ears or shirt? Wear it with pride 'cause soon the park will pick up on the ideas and have them to sell. I've seen this over the years.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Happiest place on earth for a reason after all!! Even though I live in San Diego, this is definitely another home away from home!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Amazing. Wonderful. Magical. If Peter Pan's Flight is at the top of your list, make sure to go there first since the line will be the shortest early in the morning and also because this ride doesn't allow fastpass. Skip Matterhorn Bobsleds because you get jerked around like crazy! So much that if you had Mickey ears on your head they would go flying off. I think Splash Mountain is the best at night and there is usually never a wait!  There are single rider lines for Hyperspace Mountain, Indiana Jones Adventure, Matterhorn Bobsleds, Millenium Falcon: Smuggler's Run, and Star Tours. Just ask a cast member at the entrance for your single rider piece of paper and they can direct you where to go (sometimes the line is right next to the standby/fastpass entrance and other times you have to go through the exit).   If you are coming with kids make sure to bring snacks, blankets to sit on to watch the parades/fireworks, and light up toys or glowsticks for at night. When I was here people started lining up 1 hour prior for the parade and 2 hours prior for the fireworks.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "We go here multiple times a year. Some times of the year are better when not so hot and crowded. Definitely try to eat at cafe Orleans (monte Cristo), a churro, dole whip and a corn dog! Look online and make an account a/Disney so you can make reservations in advance and also there are dining options that also allow for special seating to parades. Matterhorn and Big Thunder are the best!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Do not waste your hard earned $$$ going to Disneyland right now. Practically every good ride is shut down for renovation and even the French Quarter is covered up with sheeting for repairs. We were very disappointed today.... \u00a0The only reason we went was for our daughter Courtney's birthday celebration. \u00a0Sadly, we will wait to go back again when it's complete.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can I say about Disneyland! Magical, fun filled family entertainment at its finest. You pay a decent chunk of money;however, the value you get in return is worth it to me. Lots of shoes, parades, character interactions. Attractions for all ages, tons of food options and of course there is the shopping and picture takin opportunities. It is a safe, clean and familiar place that we can all escape to for at least a day to mingle and play with our favorite Disney characters and create lasting memories with our family!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I was questioning whether or not I should write a review for Disneyland, but what the heck. Disneyland was the place I dreamed of going to when I was a little girl in Utah. When my parents finally took me to Anaheim I was amazed. I got to finally share that experience with my kids now. It's amazing how much time has passed, it's really interesting looking back.   The lines are now a lot longer, even in the fall. I can only imagine what it's like in summer. The prices are obviously incredibly high now. Going through some of the reviews I'm disappointed to see that people forget that this is a place for kids.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "The story,  When I arrived the park and doing bag check, one of the security stopped me saying wagons aren't allowed, ok, I'm more than happy to follow the rules, one of the staff helped me store the wagon since I rode bus there, I don't have a car to put it back, and the security followed me like I was a criminal until I rent a stroller even though I've already stored my wagon, and threw away my 2 brand new foldable chair that worth $40. It shouldn't take any more space when I hang it with the wagon and retrieve it when I leave.  When I was in the park, I saw multiple wagons in the park roaming around freely. I took down the pictures as evidents as I saw at least 9 of them as I count and was not fast enough to pull out of my camera to capture only 3 of them, then I approached them and curiously asked them how did they able to bring them in, they said the security didn't care, one of them said they didn't even say anything. I felt discriminated.  I talked to the security lead when I leave and he told me they were being allowed to the park by the park manager a day ahead, if they were allowed, why shouldn't I? None of the wagon owner mentioned anything about calling in advanced for manager approval, so obviously he's giving me BS to just simply tried to kick me away with lousy excuse.  I also talked to the park manager Ammie, she said the same BS. For whatever reasons, if the policy says NOT ALLOWED, they shouldn't be allowed for whatever reasons, need a stroller? Rent one like I did, wasted my money to rent one when I could have used my own wagon. As i had 3 days tickets to the park, I had seen more the next 2 days and I didn't bother taking any more pictures because it's useless to complain. Also no employees bother to take them away when they see them in the park.  This was the worst Christmas in my life and they ruined my family's holiday.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "workers are so unprofessional I saw a little girl exited to see a character and the camera lady yelled at the little girl and the parent,for the child being excited (which is completely normal) and before hand when i went in the park i had the lady at the gate check my ticket THREE TIMES after already confirming that it was CLEARLY me in the picture that i just took at the other park, then we went onto monsters inc and the ride attendant asked if any one is riding alone or have a pair of 2 then i told him my wife and daughter is a pair of two they can go and he straight said no to me and let a pair of white people go before us (he was white too) and i told him why was that he looked at me and just smirked at me. honestly i have never been a fan of disneyland but brought my daughter to experience it but it was a bad experience overall didnt get to enjoy the park if they cant have good customer service like other theme parks then they shouldnt be over pricing tickets for sad miserable employees to ruin the trip. i am very disappointed on this trip to \"the Happiest Place On Earth\"", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'm extremely disappointed in Disneyland. \u00a0My whole family is a annual Passholder, except my 17 year old son. He and his girlfriend bought the 2 day pass, never were we told that they had to use it within 14 days, it would of been nice, who reads those tiny letters in back right! Went in today and after speaking with management, I'm sure they could have made some kind of exception or at least offered a discount, but after rudely saying no, and he still had to pay parking, because of course no refund on anything, you would think customer service means something now a days! Well at least I won't feel bad for not renewing out passes, they just lost 6 paying annual cardholders.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland is the best place for kids. My kids love Disneyland it's super kid friendly. They love the rides and they are super nice they never speak with a bad attitude.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "My family and I made a special trip from the Pacific Northwest to Disneyland today to celebrate my brother-in-law's 50th birthday. The park was crowded beyond being able to enjoy it. Everywhere we walked we felt like fish swimming upstream against a nonstop current of people. Instead of being able to even simply take in our surroundings, we were forced to navigate through and around swarms of people, constantly. Especially challenging for our family of seven.  Someone in a wheelchair ran into the back of my mother-in-law's leg, which left her injured and bleeding. Her accidental assailant didn't even have the decency to acknowledge the incident. I realize this particular experience doesn't have anything directly to do with Disney other than the fact the crowd size was potentially hazardous. I can't imagine what would have transpired had there been an emergency in the park, forcing an evacuation. Today it would have escalated into a serious blood bath.  In the seven or so hours we endured our stay in the park, we were able to squeeze in three rides on account of ridiculously long lines. The haunted mansion, for example, had a two to two and a half hour wait time. Most other rides were about 80 minute waits.   Restaurants and food vendors also had very long wait times, some even ran out of food.   California has so much to offer. Today we had perfect, beautiful weather in the mid 80s. The local beaches are wonderful, and that is where we should have spent a relaxing day in celebration. Instead, my brother-in-law and our family as a whole will be plagued by the memory of our poor experience today. They all bought expensive multi-day, multi-park passes, which I doubt they'll use tomorrow. Congratulations, Disney, on your great income take for an utter lack of services and a rather difficult experience. Never again.  Moving forward, if you really care about your patrons and want to make Disneyland the happiest place on Earth again, try reworking the numbers around a sustainable experience for park goers. If any of your execs had been in the park today, if they had any shred of decency, they would make immediate changes.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "If you are a movie fan of Star Wars, trust me, you don't wanna miss out their Star Wars galaxy Edge! It's fun to look around, lots of things to explore, it's probably the coolest place in Disneyland Park, and they really bring the movie scenes into it.   Note:  OGA's Cantina, a new Star Wars themed bar in Disneyland, where needs to make a reservation to get in. Yes, they accept reservations only! And, we've even been told, once we made the reservation but wanted to cancel it, we will be charged for cancelation fees. Not sure if that's true cause we made it there. Even around 10pm, it was still crowded in the bar. All the staff were pretty friendly and welcoming. We ended up ordering two cocktails, both looked colorful but tasted mediocre. But still, it was quite fun to check out the place, and if you're lucky enough, you'd get to see Chewbacca come in and say hi to you. Oh btw, I'm not so sure if they have sitting areas for guests, we saw everyone standing while drinking, so we left in an hour or so, since my legs were sore! They also provide non-alcohol drinks, but based on the facial expressions from the girl next to me, I bet it was just alright too.   Our overall experience was fun! Not gonna lie, everything there reminds me of Tunisia, it really brings that African market feelings to it, I think Disneyland did an incredible job to build this new attraction this year! 5/5, no complaints! You guys have to see it!!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Canceled my pass when covid 19 hit and I still haven't got any refund I guess it time for a lawyer I don't understand why they can't pay us our money all the money they made and nothing", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Best trip ever! \u00a0We were at Disneyland the week of the 4th of July 2018. Cool breezes and short wait times on many rides. \u00a0The Max Pass allowed us to breeze through the lines. \u00a0There were characters walking around, all the time, and if you wanted pics with them, those lines were pretty short too, 5-20 people deep. \u00a0For a toddler, Disney is awesome, and we enjoyed the weather, and the smaller size of the parks, \u00a0but the two parks are much smaller than Disneyworld. \u00a0We enjoyed Disneyland more than Disneyworld, but the club service at Disney Paridise Pier Hotel sucked and was not worth the extra money. \u00a0The hotel itself needs a makeover and the rooms are small. \u00a0The view was awesome from the hotel. \u00a0The PCH grill (for dinner) was not good at all and overpriced. \u00a0We cancelled reservations we had there after eating there once. \u00a0However, the character breakfast at the PCH grill is priceless. \u00a0We got great video of our 4 y/o dancing with the characters, and posing \u00a0with them, and there was lots of one, on one time, with the characters. \u00a0It was better than the character breakfast we had at Disneyworld. \u00a0The fireworks from the hotel rooftop are amazing! \u00a0Overall, a great Disney experience.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "There's a reason they call it the happiest place on earth. I could honestly live here if they'd let me! My children (ages 5 &amp; 8) really enjoyed going in November 2018. My husband and I also went in April 2019 for our honeymoon, great for kids and adults.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Paid 190$ x4 for a one day park hopper. You would expect the bathrooms not to smell like hot stale urine or hot feces. Not one bathroom but all the bathrooms gross.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Paulina , 4:30 , indiana jones ride on jan \u00a01st. Not a typical Disney employee. Bad attitude and did not know how to run the single rider line. Literally waited longer than the regular line because she wouldn't let anyone through for 30 minutes. There were empty seats on every ride because she was making everyone in the line wait. I usually am patient and don't complain but this was really messed up and got everyone upset seeing what she was doing.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We're bigger fan of Disneyland Park and I love Parade Park and Christmas Light and Pretty Lights and I loves it and I was shocked and surprised to Mickey Mouse and his friends!! and I was respect Walt with Mickey Mouse and his friends all times. I rode different rides and eat Lunch and Dinner and Dessert in different place and I had two Disneyland Hats and shirts. sometimes I and my family went there many times on Summer and Fall and Springs. That's good memories with us forever and ever. my family always bring surprise for my birthday on 06/22/1994!! we staying there long times until 12midnight sometimes 7,8,9,10,11 pm or am neither and Disneyland Park sign Said \" Happiest Place on the Earth\" \u00a0I'm Happy and proud of them and staff all times forever and ever!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "BEST RIDE EVER NEVER LETS ME DOWN ! been on it since a little kid I took my brother who's 7 years old &amp; loved the ride!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Personally, I would rather give 0 star than 1 star. The reason I give 1 star because of the rides that I enjoy. Everything is not happiest place childhood as I used to go. I know there's lots of change about rides which is fine. However, it bother that Disney will be more greedy on raising the prices for tickets, goods, foods, etc. Disney should change the slogan because I would consider to be \"crowded place on earth.\" I know there lots of attractions to waste money for one day or year. If Disney would change something that could satisfy me, I would say lower the prices for everyone who do not want to waste all money for one day ticket and some other stuff that I list. Also, the water that I got free in Disney Starbucks was nasty. Warning to bring cold water or else you would suffer thirst hydration of drinking free weird water from Starbucks. The only good thing is that for water, you can get any size cup. So, Disney for sake others lower prices so other people will not have to suffer with money issues.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We've been annual pass holders for years, but never again after today. \u00a0I called the annual pass holder hotline on Saturday to ask about upgrading my daughter's pass to a Southern California pass so she could get in today, Friday, 5/23. \u00a0The disney cast member said yes and that there was no need to do it over the phone. \u00a0He said to just show up on 5/23 with $80 to upgrade the pass. \u00a0So we do just to find out that they discontinued the pass as of Sunday. \u00a0So infuriating! \u00a0They had to know on Saturday when I called that the pass would be discontinued the very next day. \u00a0This is the worst customer service and so not like Disney!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Worst experience with a Disney brand ever. The accomidation for disabled parents with disabled children is #pisspoor to put it nicely. I had three aweful cast members yell at my Autistic child. Save yourself thousands if you have anyone in the party that is disabled save the money Such a sad decline. For the billions Disney makes they sure dont care about people anymore. #disneylandhasgonetocrap #waltdisneyisrollinginhisgrave #disneyterribleforthosewithdisability Signed Reanna Lemaire mother of Autistic child wife of disabled husband. 480-242-2230", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I love Disneyland and I miss it. \u00a0I give it 5 stars for the memories I've had. \u00a0That's been well over 15 years ago. \u00a0  I can no longer afford it. \u00a0Two grandchildren and I can't take them. \u00a0 Breaks my heart. \u00a0 I feel for Mr. Walt Disney. \u00a0He created a place for families to go. \u00a0 Seems like his dream was smashed.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Today I had the worst experience ever. My cousin and I visited \u00a0California Adventure. My cousin decided to purchase a beer and as he was drinking his beer, he was told by Greg the manager that he needed to see his ID. My cousin showed him his ID and was told that it was not sufficient; he needed to show him his passport, clearly his form of ID had his picture and the date of birth. He is 28 years old. Again, Greg insisted that it was not sufficient enough. He took his beer and refused to give him a refund. I was advised by another crew member to go to Guest Services. I went to Guest services to make a formal complaint, but Bert, the associate who was taken down the information was just as worst. He was not helpful and did not seem to care about my concern. I asked to speak with a manager and \u00a0another associate of his came out saying she was the manager. Rachel was rude, incompetent and unprofessional. She refused to give me her information and she tossed me a piece of paper and said \"You write down my name.\" I am beyond disappointed with the way my concern was handled. I hope these employees get better training on how to handle complaints. Truly disappointed with these three Crew members!!!!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Living in Southern California it's almost a given that you have been to Disneyland quite a few times.   I used to have a annual pass, for one year, and then I couldn't take it anymore. I realized I was playing into one of the hugest problems at Disneyland and I am not having it.   Anyway, I have a friend who was performing in Candlelight this year and I truly have always wanted to go. Problem is it's usually on a busy December night. I knew I was in for a shit-show.   We took an Uber there because I don't want to pay $20 to park in BFE section of the mickey and friends parking, be funneled down an excavator of people ignoring the \"no strollers\" signs, and then to wait in a sea of morons to hop on the first ride of the day: the tram.   So we opted out and were dropped off. It's a very good tactic, I highly recommend it.   So we get inside the park and it's a cluster f, as predicted. Everyone is losing their minds of all the Disney holiday magic and common sense and manners has clearly been left at home.   We were just there to see the show.   So we waited for the line to start.   Isn't that funny? We all stood in line to stand in line.   Anyway, it came time to move the line and people just won't get out of the way. Mowing us over, because they would be damned if they missed the holiday parade!   It. Was. Awful.   People cutting, ignoring cast member directions, yelling at eachother, shoving disabled people out of the way, making snarky remarks within earshot, and then the general overall whining.   I think I saw a cast member turn red in the face from the lack of respect \"guests\" showed when blatantly ignoring rules and directions. No big deal, just a GIANT sea of people walking in one direction, go ahead and drag your stroller followed by your family sir across the path of HUNDREDS of people.   Anyway, the show was magical, I ignored most of the whining behind us, and then spent the rest of the evening walking past rides with an average wait time of 65 minutes.  It's a shit show ladies and gentlemen.  Gone are the days of a great day at Disneyland, remember how giddy you were when space mountain was 15 minutes?   Here is what is wrong with Disneyland: 1. Passholders.  2. Too many guests in the park at once. 3. Stroller/wheelchair Armageddon.   I really feel for the people that save up all year to make a Disneyland trip happen just to stumble into a heap of misery. I'm so sorry. We're all terrible and we know it.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I am so disappointed how Disneyland has become. It seems like it is all about profit \u00a0and numbers and not about the family experience anymore. The food is not that good anymore. I remember coming to Disneyland since I was 5 and now that I am older, I can see how this is no longer considered a place that it the happiest place on earth. Some of the employees do not look happy anymore and they just seem to drag. I am not sure if the rumors are true about the working conditions and how little they are getting paid, but if they are true, then it would make sense why they look so unhappy. I sure hope they bring back Disneyland to where Walt Disney vision still exists.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I've loved Disney parks since I was little, and I love sharing that same love for the parks with the next generation (my nieces)! There's nothing people can say to me that will put me off of anything Disney.  So, that being said, I always have to have a game plan when visiting ANY type of theme park. Going with a big group? Just need to be more meticulous with the planning and contingency plans. Most importantly, remember to have fun, as it is a vacation.  1. Fast passes &amp; big rides as soon as you enter the park. Especially if you're like me, and don't want to pay extra for multiple fast passes (I've never needed them before, I'm not starting now)...   2. Eat as you go! Churros? Always. Hot dogs? I love the buns, plus I can eat it on my way to the next ride! If there's time, relax and eat at one of the restaurants. As others ha mentioned, the fried chicken from Plaza Inn is delicious!  3. Single rider lines make all the difference. If you've been on the ride before, and don't care about getting pictures with your friends/family, use the line to your advantage! Seriously, it can cut down a 2+ hour wait to 30mins.  4. Always check the school break schedule in the surrounding area! You might think you're safe because there are no holidays/usual school breaks, but lo and behold, two counties away, the kids have the week off, so guess where their going?  5. Don't stand in the lines and complain. We're ALL anxious, but it's annoying when the people behind you in line keep talking about how the wait doesn't make sense. Sorry if you're friends/family aren't fun people to be around.  6. Last tip, don't complain about the prices. We all know that theme parks and other tourist traps are vastly inflated compared regular prices. Just factor that all in to your vacation budget and you'll be fine. For those who would like to save some money, you can actually bring in your own food and drinks now (no glass).", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's \u00a0NOT the happiest place on Earth, not accurate at all. It's the most crowded places on Earth, CROWDED! We went off season, in the winter. And to top it off, it's full of very rude people and unsympathetic disney workers that herd you around like cattle. This was my daughter's first trip to Disneyland, joining my mom to celebrate her birthday. My daughter didn't even have a chance to walk around after several adults stepped on her little feet. I feared it was more likely that she would get trampled, she didn't get a chance to walk to the next ride. Children go there to expel energy, have fun, not to be blocked by adult barriers, literally physical blockade of so many people. It was people at their worse, lacking common decency, and general respect for others. I've been to the park before, 5 years ago, and it was a good experience. This second time was horrible and I never want to go back again or have her want to go again. I expected the ride lines to be long; that's not unusual. But the wait time for anything: food, rides, transportation, restrooms, toddler changing station, was astoundingly long. She enjoyed one ride, the first, and the rest was waiting in line for hours to get in a total of 4 rides. She was mentally done after the first ride because her movement was inhibited. \u00a0I don't remember the parade running as often as it did this day and it made moving from one part of the park to the other nearly impossible with a stroller. We had to come to a halt and wait until the parade ended each time it performed since the roped off many of the little walkway there was. I want others to know that this place is not as advertised, and you might find yourself regretting the investment in time and money going to this unfriendly, un-family place. ...one last note you might find yourself shuffled from one parking garage at the park to the Anaheim convention center parking garage because traffic to the resort parking get backed up, they reroute you to a garage that's not equipped to transport you back to the park, so expect a 20 minute walk to the park's entrance. It's a sad place that will fry your nerves.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Half the rids were closed or broken. When I went to talk to customer service about getting a refund all they would say is that the rides are subject to change at any point. I understand closing a ride or two. But literally half the park was out of order! \u00a0We flew over from the east cost to come here. NEVER AGAIN. Go to hell Disney.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I freaking love Disneyland! It's amazing! Like heellloooo!?!? It's Disneyland! The rides! The food! The environment! The wonderful vibes you get the minute you walk through those wonderful gates or once you get off that little tram ride to the park! Like geezes I love it so much! The merchandise at Disneyland and the cast members!? Ugh! So wonderful! Like I just think everything is great! And I'm a frequent guest here at Disneyland, so I am never ever tired of going! I am always spotting something new and different. There's always something new happening here. This is like the number one place everyone should go! I mean come on! Seriously? Do you not have a inner child that screams and dances the minute you get here? Do you not feel the magic just bursting into you and that feeling of joy radiating from your inner self!? This place is magical, wonderful, beautiful! How else can I explain the pure enjoyment one gets when being here? Figure out the secrets, figure out the little things that there is you can get out of your day. There are so much things you can do, and sometimes it doesn't even cost you a single dime! Come on...just come on...it's Disneyland!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Just got home from family trip to Disneyland. Not worth the overpriced admission. It's so crowded you're lucky to get on two rides per hour. Pinocchio ride broke down twice, we finally made it on the third try in three days, Winnie the Pooh ride broke down right before we got in line and splash mountain broke down while we were waiting in line. Many rides are down for repair. We won't return any time soon. I recommend spending your money elsewhere.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "1)parking structure always blocked if you come from wrong side of street  2) annual pass holders sometimes can't enjoy all the rides because something is always under construction. They should offer fast passes or something to another ride  3)lines are way too long which should mean they should expand the park, instead of closing sections down to revamp \u00a0a certain section  4) prices are getting higher for sub par to average food.   I just finished my annual, I got the highest pass. I rode an average of 4 rides per visit because lines were so long.   Please expand the park soon because I won't get another annual until park is bigger and could accommodate \u00a0people with ride lines less then 20 min.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I'm not going to complain about the costs \u00a0of visiting the park, or the expensive and mediocre food. That's already covered in many other reviews. My issue is with strollers, wheelchairs, and ecv's. They are everywhere! All the congestion in the park stems from these items. I saw way too many people that seemed perfectly healthy using these items. It seems if you are using a wheelchair or ecv, you don't have to wait in the same line as everyone else. You get your own fast pass, or fat pass ( since so many are obese. I understand some people need these items, but it's definitely being abused. You'll see a group of 7 get in line with someone in a ecv, then they all get to skip the line together. It's funny their legs don't work, then it's like all of a sudden they're cured when it's time to board the ride. I agree they should have their own line, but their wait time should equal everyone else's wait time. The other thing is the amount of rides that broke down while I was there. Several rides were already shut down for the Star Wars expansion, add to that all the rides that would temporarily be shut down due to the ride malfunctioning. It doesn't leave much to ride at times.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The rides here are super busy. One day is probably not enough. I will highly recommend to buy a couple of days ticket in order to make sure that you can enjoy the whole park.   My 6 year old loved toon town. We really liked the star wars area as well. The only issue is that most of the rides are 6+ so if you have an infant, it will be difficult for you. Try to arrive in the parking by 8:30 because it takes 30 minutes to get to the park.  Would love to visit agaib", "rating": 5}, {"text": "MANY MOONS AGO.....this guy and my future wife traveled to California for a 3 week vacation to meet my future wife's family...and to see the sights ( my first trip out of Australia ). We went to rock concerts...Paul Rodgers &amp; Bad Co, Billy Squier, Canned Heat, the Doobie Brothers and enjoyed a nice dinner at the House of Blues on Sunset Blvd, Hollywood. We flew into Las Vegas and took a stretch limo to our casino hotel. Tom Jones was performing that night but we saw The Amazing Johnathan instead ( laughed our heads off ). We hit San Francisco and walked over the Golden Gate Bridge...had a ride on a cable car and hung out in Amoeba Records where I bought a shitload of albums ( half the price of back in OZ ). We bought more cds at the used to famous Lou's Records in Encinitas. I saw a baseball game live for the first time in my wife at Qualcomm Stadium ( now a pile of rubble ). My wife brought seats right behind home plate so it was pretty awesome when the great Tony Gwynn came out to bat ( I went nuts even though I didn't know who he was at the time ). It was awesome seeing the Brian Setzer trio at the Del Mar Fair ( now called the San Diego Fair )...5 minutes from where we now live. My wife and I had dinner at lots of interesting restaurants incl Mexican food for the first time, toured the huge ocean liner Queen Mary and a captured WW2 Russian Submarine ( very cool ) at Long Beach, did a back lots tour of Universal Studios and last but not least.... spent a day in Disneyland at Anaheim. Gee my whole family used to watch Disneyland every Sunday when I was young. My future wife and I teamed up with her sister and future husband for a few hours of fun stuff. I thought it all looked a bit over the top...a bit commercial but at least I can say I've been here !  YEAH THIS REVIEW LOOKED EPIC UNTIL YELP DELETED IT !", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I always love visiting Disneyland. Who doesn't? There is plenty to do for all ages. I love the rides and the food. They are always so welcoming to all and the kiddo had a blast. I do say if you really want to have an amazing experience, visit during one of the trick or treat Halloween nights they have on Friday nights. They are the best. Wait times for rides and attractions are very minimal and it's such an amazing time. These events are special tickets and allow you in the parks three hours before the special event, but's it definitely feels exclusive and makes you feel like a VIP. It's so awesome too because everyone gets to dress up in costume.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disneyland has not lost its touch. It has gotten better than when I was a kid. I love it here. I'll always love going with my family and friends. A little pricey, but it's worth it. Best theme park in the world with so many unique things to do.   Be sure to download the Disneyland app before you go. It makes it easy to navigate the park as you can see the show schedule, wait times, and a detailed map.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Always a great time and very clean. Of course prices are a bit high but there are several ways to economize on your trip. The staff is generally very courteous but it isn't the same as it was several years ago. The visitors have ruined that but that is my opinion.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I've been coming to this park with my family since I was a child and now that I have my own family I wanted to come here and experience this enjoyment with them but before we can even get cleared through security , my husband was unable to come in because of his chain with our daughters ashes in a mini capsule . No argument regarding anything else but I think that was just over the top . On top of security asking my husband if he can surrender his necklace or throw it away . As a mother , I couldn't have been more offended . Just disappointed with how the situation was handled .", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Passholder then CastMember then Passholder!  Worked for the place and I still love going back and feeling young again! Though the park has gotten expensive, I can excuse that for the laws of supply and demand. I hope the CastMembers get better wages though. So please treat them kindly when you go... You never know if some magic may come out of your kindness!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I do not like to write reviews, but this one is necessary. \u00a0I went to Disneyland with my uncle, cousin, and girlfriend before Halloween. \u00a0We spent $250 among the four of us. \u00a0We got there at 7pm. \u00a0The place was so packed that we were herded around like cattle, and often had to wait several minutes at a time just to move a few feet. \u00a0Take note, we were not standing in the lines for the rides! \u00a0This was the open walkway area. \u00a0We went there for the rides and the rides only. \u00a0How many did we get to go on? \u00a0TWO. \u00a0We waited so long for each ride and getting stuck in foot traffic that we could only go on two rides from 7pm until the park's closing. \u00a0It's definitely not the happiest place on earth, but it is the most crowded!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "While the Disney World park in Orlando has more of a \"resort\" feel to it, the original Disneyland park as of 1955 is absolutely gorgeous in every way on it's own. The crowds can be a bit much here, but they are all having a good time! The entire time I was here, I felt as if I was in a fantasy land..  \u00a0The rides were a blast. Space mountain was a first time, and trust me, it was a life changer. On jungle cruise, our tour guide was extremely funny; and on the Indiana Jones ride, I truly felt like I was part of one of my favorite movie trilogies. The rides seem as if they are gingerly taken care of each day by amazing staff they have.   \u00a0The food was flawless. We dined at the Blue Bayou (We did have to make a reservation), and found no problems! The gumbo was delicious. :)  \u00a0 There were thousands of chairs scattered around the park, so even if you just want to relax in the happiest place on Earth, you will have the convenience at your fingertips!  \u00a0 Unfortunately, the crowds can be one's undoing. When we had to go to the restrooms, we had to wait in long, but fast moving line. Not really that big of a problem, though.   All in all, this will be an unforgettable trip, and I highly recommend it anyone who is looking for a wonderful experience!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "It's really a big fat zero but I had to choose a star. When I was young, I was able to save up enough babysitting money (at 50 cents per hour mind you) to afford going to Disneyland multiple times per year! At the current rates, I won't be able to afford to take my grandchildren! At least Knott's Berry Farm is still reasonable !", "rating": 1}, {"text": "To be honest with Disneyland, it is a really fun place to go to but the only bad thing about going to Disneyland is the fact that the tickets are getting so overpriced which is annoying but it is also understandable because Disneyland has so much electricity but the tickets are way too overpriced &amp; if I was to buy the tickets there, I would have to pay a really high price but nobody is really gonna pay so much money for a ticket but the only way that Disneyland can have money for their electricity is for them to increase their prices", "rating": 5}, {"text": "BE WARE \"Starwars Trials of the Temple\" Formerly known as \"Jedi Academy\" had undergone some ridiculous changes!!!!!  I showed up with my 6 year old son and was told before it even began by a cast member that children must register when the park opens now to participate!!!!  How ridiculous is that!! \u00a0Who came up with this idea and what was the justification for what I believed was working out perfectly????  Not easy having to explain to my son that unlike our previous visit, there's limited room now to be part of the experience.   Very disappointing.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The Happiest Place on Earth? \u00a0Well we all blindly pay the price to get in and Disney has to ensure only those that pay for the ticket, now use it. \u00a0I get it why they are doing this, but they have clumsily implemented a plan to put every guest name on the ticket, but also take their picture. \u00a0Like I said.. I get why they are doing it, but their implementation of it is affecting getting into the place. \u00a0I stood in line two days in a row in the stroller admittance gate and it took more than 30 minutes to admit 40 people because they couldn't get the iPhone to take the picture of the guest entering. \u00a0What would make sense is to take their picture later..not during opening time when it is so busy. \u00a0Disney..get a clue..your system is NOT working", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Cramped, but nice. The lines were kept pretty well and although there were many guests present the waiting time wasn't too bad.   The only thing I disliked was how some of the guests brought their very young toddlers to rides such as pirates and haunted mansion. Perhaps consider not going on a \"scary\" ride with your frightened toddler. They won't enjoy it. This isn't Disneyland's fault, but I hope future visitors with small children will avoid those rides .", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Disney Land is like Vegas... After day two, you are dehydrated, over the crowd, annoyed with people bumping into you and ready to be left alone and veg by the pool. We enjoyed going in October where the transformation of Fall and Halloween is magical. I took my son and two nieces to the Halloween Party where they got to wear costumes and trick or treat! The crowd was crazy even on a week day. The weather was great and the food was amazing to say the least. Here is my list of must try: Darth by Chocolate (chocolate ganache, red velvet cake with chocolate cake), ice cream nachos, a Mickey pretzel, a churro funnel cake with whipped cream, powdered sugar beignets, the monte Christi Sami from Cafe Orleans (go to for lunch or dinner. It's so COOL), the pizza from Naples Ristorante e Pizzeria and a soft serve pineapple dole whip WITH the juice at the tiki bar. I know, this is sugar overload and let me remind you, I was with a group of 4 other adults and three kids so I promise this wasn't just me.. But I had a bite of each thing I listed and hired a personal trainer when I got home from the magical kingdom .", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I went here for my birthday and had a ball. I went from September 4th and 5th this was the best time to come the lines was not long at all and we got on every single ride there is in that park.  We walked in and I got my birthday pin everyone told me happy birthday as they past me by. The food was off the hook and the weather was great I met new people and enjoy the stroll around the park. I loved the parade at night and it was still hot out. My favorite ride wasn't working that day \u00a0has it was getting ready for Halloween   I had my birthday dinner at Cafe Orleans I had my first shrimp and grits and it was tasty I had a Mickey Mouse cake and it was such a good experience and I want to get season passes so I can come back every year!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Four years later, prices increased and still here I am. Addicted to Disneyland. #passholeforever", "rating": 5}, {"text": "This bad review is because they ran our credit card twice at the Blue Bayou and just won't seem to give us back the second charge. We have called them 4 times to only get a message machine where we leave an angry message. We get 2 calls back in which both said it would be refunded back and 2 weeks later nothing. They owe us $108 and they just seem like it's no big deal. We have reached our limit of how pissed off we are so I wanted to share this with everyone so that they look at their bank statements to make sure they don't get double charged as well. The food is not event that good there and on top of it we have to deal with this. Disney you are losing your magic!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "One star for no Wi-Fi. \u00a0It's 2015 and how can you not offer any WiFi, especially at these prices...The 3G/4G networks are HAMMERED and were probably never built for thousands pounding them with social media posts, FB, IG, SC...And every Android phone is pinging the networks for updates, along with all the apps on guests' devices. \u00a0  C'mon, you're creative--figure something out. \u00a0You have Small World, right? \u00a0Then at least have Wi-Fi World where guests can get decent connectivity. \u00a0Would be nice to at least email your teen when SMS and voice calls can't even go through. \u00a0Extremely frustrating as a parent paying so much for tickets. \u00a0  Sure, it's nice to take a break from phones, but people depend on connectivity. \u00a0Disneyland is not exactly an African Safari. \u00a0My daughter was at your park recently and said there was hardly any connectivity. \u00a0Phone battery wears down even faster when it's constantly trying to connect. \u00a0If this issue has been resolved, I will update my review. \u00a0Thank you.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We accidentally purchased tickets to an event here thinking that it was Disney world. We live \u00a02 hrs from Disney world and about a 6 hour plane ride from Disneyland. The costumer service rep basically said \"well too bad you'll pay for something you can never receive\" HORRIBLE. No \"magic\" about this place. And I called Disney world about this issue too and they said that there absolutely would be a resolution \u00a0on Disneyland's part ..... nope no resolution other than them taking our money.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "We renewed our passes online and downgraded from Signature Plus to Deluxe. We noticed that our passes were immediately lowered to Deluxe when we still had a month left of our Signature Plus. We went in person to figure out what was happening and turns out there was a glitch that caused us to miss out on a month of Signature Plus days. I didn't even have a chance to get upset about it before Nicole at the ticket booth was all over it resolving the issue and finding solutions for us. She accommodated us for the inconvenience with no hesitation! I've worked in Customer Service 10+ years \u00a0and I can honestly say that I experienced customer service at its finest with Nicole at the ticket booth!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Way over priced Charge you $8 for a burger you can get at McDonald's for $1. Cannabis is legal in California yet i was smoking in a smoking area and got kicked out with no refund", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Manuel in photography hypes you up like no other! Takes the actual time to give you fun memorable photos. Highly recommend, he was outside out Tomorrowland", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Jesse and Freddy at the Monorail single handedly made my birthday the best ever!! Thank you guys so much for being kind, friendly, and guest oriented. You all are lucky to have them on your team!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Before I say anything, let me tell you what type of person I am to understand my review. \u00a0I'm from Bay Area CA and when it comes to food, if I'm paying $10 for a $3 burger, I expect it to be good or maybe even great tasting burger. \u00a0When I wait in line at the most wonderful place in the world, I expect it to be organized and efficient. \u00a0When there is an announcement stating something will happen in 10 min, I expect it to happen in 10 min. \u00a0Let's begin with the lines, if the sign says 30 min wait that means 45 to an hour wait, if it says 80 min that means 2 hours. \u00a0We all know how boring it can be when it comes to waiting in line for an hour or two. \u00a0When you wait in line at Disneyland, there are hardly any shades, you will notice people walking through the line to the front because apparently they want to be with their family/friends. \u00a0We had a couple in front of us and they saw their friends walking down. \u00a0So they stopped and started to talk to the couple in front of us. \u00a0Next thing know, 3 kids jump in line, father, and sisters, wow really!!! \u00a0 Sad part is this happened constantly, people cutting left and right and standing under the sun doesn't make things better, very frustrating. \u00a0Note: in Universal Studios whenever you wait in line there is always a shade, whether it's a tree or tent, they even have the water mist to keep you cool and they try to entertain you while your waiting in line (Transformers 2HR wait, went by fast &amp; worth it). \u00a0OK food, OMG, I spend $12 on a grilled chicken with avocado and it was terrible. \u00a0Churros were horrible, tasted like it was 1 day old and the chilli corn wow, I just through that away. \u00a0My wife through away the burrito she purchased as well. \u00a0Asian chicken was terrible and so was my wife's meal which cost about $32 for both of us (this was just lunch). It starts to add up when your buying $3.50 to $4 water bottles through the day. \u00a0Put it this way, Jack in the box is at least 5-8 times better than any of the food in the park. \u00a0All im saying is if your going to hike up the price by about 300%, at least make sure it tastes good. \u00a0Now comes the fireworks, the part everyone has been waiting for. \u00a0Now you can only stand in certain areas only to watch the magic happen. \u00a0At about 825 they announced the fireworks were going to start in 10 min. \u00a0At about 830 they said 5 more min. \u00a0After that we waited 10, 20, 30min and still nothing. \u00a0The fireworks started at 930 and they didn't even make an announcement. \u00a0I was standing with my wife for an hour to see the fireworks. \u00a0To top it off, people started to squeeze themselves in to watch the fireworks. \u00a0My wife and I got separated because this family just came in like the owned the place to watch the fireworks. \u00a0So here I am standing alone and my wife is about 4 people behind me and when the fireworks started, you would think everything would happen in the center right above the castle. No it didn't, it was to the left side of the castle, right behind the tree blocking 30% if our view. \u00a0 To all you smokers, Disneyland has a designated smoking section which is great. \u00a0I'm a smoker but I don't like smoking in front of kids or as I'm walking by kids. \u00a0What broke my heart is I'm smoking a cigarette with my wife in the smoking section, and there are people there with their kids. \u00a0Example: \u00a0A gentleman was with his two cute daughters and he was smoking while they were sitting right next to him on the bench. This is a smoking area which no kids should be around. \u00a0From my understanding, it's illegal to smoke in the car with kids riding in it but smoking while a child is sitting next to you isn't!!!! \u00a0Imagine these problems occurring constantly throughout the day. \u00a0You don't enjoy the food, rides, or anything. \u00a0People told me that we went during the wrong time!!!! \u00a0So what is that suppose to mean, only assholes go to Disneyland in July and the food is bad? \u00a0I even asked other family members if they had the same experience, and they said yes. \u00a0One gentleman from Canada saw father and son cutting in line just because they didn't want to wait. \u00a0Its always the same race too which im not going to bring up, you can figure that part for yourself. \u00a0On the other hand, Disneyland Adventures food was surprisingly good. \u00a0You would think for a Company like Disneyland that makes about 300-350 Million a year in profit, that they would treat their customers well, but I guess not. \u00a0I for one will never come back here and will never bring my kids and if you ask me, go to Universal Studios instead because it's a whole lot better in many ways.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disneyland, I love you! \u00a0You hold so many childhood memories. \u00a0Growing up we vacationed in Southern California every year and we always visited Disneyland. \u00a0Yesterday, I was able to take my husband and two girls here for their very 1st time. \u00a0My favorite part about the visit is there are still so many smells that take me back to my childhood. \u00a0I loved being my family's \"tour guide\" and they loved the park.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "If I could give disneyland a negative score I would. After being there for 3 hours and I only had gotten on two rides. \u00a0People constantly cutting in line with no supervision from the park staff to stop it. Took forever to walk places since there was so many people.   The weather was abnormally hot for October as well (100f) I know it's not their fault but it certainly added to this discomfort. The staff either seemed to be old and hating their job like a walmart door greeter or too young and unwilling to be much of help.  If I knew it was going to be like this I would've saved my money. $215 for two tickets and a parking pass... I feel like I've been robbed of an experience that should've been completely different.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "This review is for the staff that were working the fast pass line on Wednesday between 520-550pm. I have never encountered such rude service, I Walked up after already waiting another 20 minutes to get in even though we got those passes at 9ish AM, and when I get to the front the girl stares at me with my ticket in hand then rudely says you need to scan that here as if I know what I'm supposed to do, then she proceeds to ask me why I'm there? I shouldn't have to explain why I'm in the fast pass lane she already knew what my time was since we came early and had to wait to get back in line again. So frustrated with this my big family of 12 of us all got really rude service somebody show us some magic!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Disney is a magical place. I have an annual pass. The cheapest version of the annual pass, that doesn't allow me to go on the weekends and I like it that way!! \u00a0I feel like I usually miss the crazy large crowds and go on days when it is fairly easy to get on rides. Customer service is always the best, so much delicious food, obviously very expensive but it's worth it to have a special treat. You definitely want to visit and if you're local I recommend the annual pass!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What can I say about the most magical place on earth that has not been said? Sure, it's spendy. Sure it's packed. But it's Disney! Everyone should visit at least once, if able. It's amazing with the acquisition of Star Wars brand and still true too it's core with Toontown. So, come one and come all! See website for hours and information.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What better way to kick off your birthday celebrations than spending it at the happiest place in the world?  So lucky to have such an amazing bestie take me to Disney for my bday  First stop (of course) had to be Star Wars! We had a reservation at the Cantina, so that was a cool experience. Got to finally ride space mountain again! And ate until my body couldn't physically handle it anymore. Ended the night at Star Wars again because we forgot to pick up some blue and green milk.  Disney just has this special magical power of making everything better. I didn't get to spend too much time at Disney because I'm also a grad student now and had a paper and exam due the same weekend I was in Cali, but I enjoyed every moment of it.  Definitely have to go back to redeem this trip. Pro tip: always get the fast pass and download the Disneyland app to redeem fast passes every hour And always get the churros!  Thanks for reading my reviews! Let me know what I should try next!!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Usually Disneyland would have gotten a 4-5 star review, but that damn mouse is a greedy bastard.  So we got to the parking lot at 930 and did not get in to the park until 1130. Even though the power outage was affecting the park at the time we were buying tickets they did not tell anyone about it and kept jamming the park w full price paying customers. Welcome the the Magic Kingdom/ Happiest Place on Earth? So very crowded and chaotic. Long lines for everything. How long you ask? 10 minutes to buy a water for your kids, or maybe, if that doesn't piss you off, how about 3 hours to ride Space Mountain or Indiana Jones?  Essentially we paid 900 dollars for tickets for 7, 150 dollars for food in order to go on 4 rides and stand in lines/ crowds all day.  Yesterday weread online that Disneyland was not giving any refunds partial or full. Today Disney said it was reviewing cases on an individual basis. This smells like pure mouseshit to me Now, I will end this with a positive note.  The employees were all professional and polite in the middle of the craziness  It will be a while before that rapacious rodent gets any more of our money.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The happiest place on earth! They really do try to be the best and i appreciate everything they do. All employees are very friendly", "rating": 5}, {"text": "For the most part it's a great place to be. I've been a pass holder since I was born. But lately they have been very discriminating towards photographers in order to promote their own PhotoPass service. They threatened to confiscate my tripod or kick me out of the park, even though my tripod was small and fits in my backpack and their rules clearly state on their website \"Tripods that fit inside a standard sized backpack ARE permitted in the park.\" They also told me I was not allowed to have my external flash on my camera. Which is not true. Love the park, love the food, love the atmosphere, love the cast members, just hate how they are treating us fellow photographers.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Not worth the money or the heartache. Day one: couldn't find our tickets online because we purchased them the night before..policy states online tickets cannot be viewed for 24 hours, but the \"policy\" is not written anywhere for you to notice. Day two: needed an electronic scooter bc I injured myself. The scooters are outside the gate. I didn't have my ticket, so they were not going to let me go get one. I got a manager to escort me and then they would not take my credit card because it had my husband's name on it and not mine, even though I had my I.D. on me. \u00a0Had to get a manager again. Day three. Couldn't see Elsa and Anna because we hadn't made an appointment by 800am the previous day. \u00a0Made an appointment for the following day so we could meet them. \u00a0By 830am, the appointments were sold out and they wouldn't allow anymore. \u00a0Imagine if we hadn't bought a 4-day pass! \u00a0All the children who didn't get to see their favorite princess?!! Stood in line for 1.5 hours even though we had an appointment, then only 2 minutes allowed with the princess. \u00a0Character hunting. Was told by staff that wherever there is a Mickey glove on the map, that characters were guaranteed to be. \u00a0LIE! We never saw Jasmine, Cinderella, Pocahontas, Rapunzel. Standing in line to see Jack from Nightmare before xmas and was kicked out because Jack was taking a break. \u00a0Purchased lunch with the princesses (over $100 extra). wanted to charge us an extra $22.00 for the kid's meal and $39.00 for an adult meal! We got soup for $39.00! Waste of money again!Stood in line to see Maleficent, Wicked Witch, Cruella. Was kicked out because we didn't buy a \"Mickey's Halloween Party\" ticket. \u00a0That was extra! We planned our whole trip around Halloween and packed our costumes and we couldn't even stay in the part after 600pm! \u00a0 I spent the whole time apologizing that the princesses weren't where they were supposed to be and my daughter was crying and upset and we ran out of money because we had to buy extra things that we shouldn't have had to buy. I will NEVER go back.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "The crowds are awful. They really need to limit the number of park passes they sell so that people can actually enjoy the park/rides. \u00a0And WHY on earth would people bring a NEWBORN BABY to Disneyland??? \u00a0WTF??!!", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What can I say about Disneyland that hasn't been said before? I miss it so much during this Covid lockdown. I hope it opens soon!!   I've been coming here at least yearly while growing up with my family and have had annual passes for the last 12 years. We try to go a least monthly, it is a getaway from daily life. \u00a0We don't usually have things planned and just go with the flow. We find TONS of little pieces of magic everywhere. Some of our best memories are at Disneyland.  Some people ask why we come so often &amp; don't we get bored. To us, it's like going out for the day. \u00a0We get to be outside &amp; walk around; there's always new things to see and buy; there's food everywhere; when we feel like it, we get on some rides; we like to chill at our fave spots &amp; watch toddler tantrums; we just like being in the magic. \u00a0And who wouldn't want to be at Disneyland??! \u00a0  TIPS  Download the Disneyland App, it's free &amp; makes life easier! You can do so much in the app! \u00a0Check wait times for rides before heading over, mobile orders so you can pick up at a specific time instead of waiting in each line, set up fast passes, make reservations at dining &amp; events, restaurant menus, &amp; interactive park map and so much more.   Mobile order as much as you can, use the Disneyland app &amp; you can save soo much time instead of standing in lines!   Get Maxpass, it is worth it!! Right now, it's $15/day, but you can choose your fast passes on the app instead of physically walking to each ride to get each fast pass, such a time saver! Plus, it stores all your photos taken by Disney cast members or on rides.   FAVE RIDES  Big Thunder Mt Railroad - medium thrill outdoor roller coaster, love this ride!   Pirates of the Caribbean - slow indoor log ride with a couple of small drops, inspiration for the movies &amp; there is something to be said about that addictive water smell in the air.   Indiana Jones Adventure - indoor thrill ride like a ROUGH trip in a Jeep. Don't let this Asian sit in the driver's seat! LOL. Love the queue line!   Disneyland Railroad - has 4 stops around the park at the 3, 6, 9 &amp; 12 clock hands. We use this to get around the park quickly or for our afternoon naps!   Haunted Mansion - a classic! Slow moving buggies that give you a tour around the mansion. \u00a0 Turns into \u00a0 Nightmare Before Christmas themed from Halloween to Christmas seasons.  Rise of the Resistance - OMG! This has got to be the most technological ride experience! A definite MUST DO! It's amazing! \u00a0Based on a track-less system (magnets) so it is super smooth!   Star Tours - Love all the new enhancements! The ride is caught up with the Star Wars movies with all the new characters! \u00a03D Simulator ride.   FAVE FOODS/SNACKS  Dole Whip - Pineapple, mango, raspberry or lemon flavored soft serve. Go to Tropical Getaway for this as there are more flavors &amp; add ons!   Churros - I don't know why, but Disneyland has THE BEST churros! They often have seasonal flavors too! Located in carts around the parks.   French Market Restaurant - casual cafeteria style set up. \u00a0Get the beef po'boy, OMG! \u00a0Comes with yummy chips!   Harbour Galley - Want something different than usual park food? Get a lobster roll or Lobster Mac n cheese in a breadbowl! Both delish! \u00a0A small kiosk window with very limited seating. We get it to go &amp; sit with our friends at French Market ;)   Market House - for when you need your Starbucks fix! It's not a 'real' Starbucks so you can't mobile order or redeem rewards, but can use the app to pay/earn rewards. There are 2 real Starbucks in Downtown Disney that accepts mobile orders (one is across from the monorail station &amp; usually has way shorter lines).   Mint Julep Bar - seasonal juleps &amp; seasonal mickey shaped beignets. \u00a0The cherry beignets were to die for! \u00a0Pick up window located in the same seating area as French Market.   Oga's Cantina - super special Star Wars themed bar with amazing &amp; out of this world drinks. Very popular &amp; limited seating/space. Make a reservation!!   Plaza Inn - one of my fave park restaurants. \u00a0They have this AMAZING fried chicken plate with mashed potatoes, green beans &amp; biscuit. \u00a0It can feed two! Ask for an extra plate :). \u00a0The carrot cake is also really good! \u00a0Casual cafeteria style set up with LOTS of seating.   Red Rose Tavern - Beauty &amp; the Beast themed quick service restaurant. Make sure to look for the actual movie props from the live action movie! \u00a0Get the slow cooked beef poutine or the caprese flatbread! &amp; don't forget try the Grey stuff, it's delicious!   *Special Note* There is also a not so secret private club inside Disneyland, Club 33. \u00a0If you ever have the chance to go, it is worth every penny! I've been lucky enough to have been a few times. \u00a0The last time was for my birthday in February this year. Impeccable service, food &amp; ambiance.   In summary, have a good time, don't stress, do some homework on things you want to do/eat &amp; let the littles take naps so they don't have meltdowns lol.  Totally recommended.", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Thank you Lucy at Astro Orbiters (1/28/20) for giving my family and I a tremendous experience. It was our last ride of the night and Lucy really made us feel special. She definitely deserves a raise. Whoever her manager/boss is should really reevaluate the position she is in and should put her in a higher position (perhaps one that teaches other cast members).   Thanks Lucy!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "What can I say that hasn't already been said about Disneyland? It's amazing, it's crowded, it's great, it's sometimes hellish! It's Disneyland and I'll never stop going until I'm dead and then I'll haunt the place!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Parking is a problem at the Disneyland parking deck.  Even though we have annual passes that include free parking, the deck is often closed at all times of the day even when there is visibly a lot of parking open. \u00a0This is a security issue for my wife and I who are 62+ years old. \u00a0This is the reason we purchase the higher cost pass with parking included. \u00a0They direct you to free parking at the convention center that is not lit and a LOT longer walk.  Before you purchase parking with your annual pass, consider that you may not get it. \u00a0My son was turned away at 10am one day. \u00a0Obviously a day the deck wasn't even partially full.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "Took my handicap daughter along with my friend and her handicap son. This new way of doing things have made it more difficult especially with a wheelchair. If u checkin for a ride make sure to have all members tickets with you, if not you will have to re register for ride and wait all over again. Not a smart way for disabled people, it really puts them waiting way too long. Once again the disabled suffer.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "When you go to Disneyland, you got to be prepared. There's a ton on walking, waiting in lines, and crowded areas... It is something to expect when going to a popular tourist spot/amusement park.   I usually go with my boyfriend, and we're always having a good time with our annual pass. The key to enjoy Disneyland despite its overly packed crowd is to go with a good people who will make the trip worth while!", "rating": 5}, {"text": "Long lines, over priced tickets, food, and drinks, tons of strollers, screaming stinky measle infested children????? No thanks. Call me scrooge. But they probably already own him too.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "ALWAYS A GREAT TIME! they train their cast members well, because they always seem happy! \u00a0LOVE all the rides and attractions, as well as they always have seasonal events that changes year round. \u00a0You have to PAY a pretty penny for an annual pass or ticket, but I guess they do provide production value", "rating": 5}, {"text": "I have an issue with Disneyland I purchased tickets to go to the the Halloween party. \u00a0I did NOT receive my tickets. I waited two weeks before making the call. \u00a0I called and spoke to an individual who reassured me they would re mail my tickets to me. So I waited again this time 10 days had passed and NO tickets. \u00a0So, I called again spoke to an Eric and the tickets were to held at Will Call and I am to received free parking for the inconvenience. \u00a0End of story so I thought. \u00a0  I get a call from a Representative Sarah, this pass Saturday October 18, 2014. \u00a0She called to tell me that my tickets had been returned by the postmaster and undeliverable. \u00a0I informed her that I spoke to A Disneyland Representative Eric on Tuesday October 14, 2014 and my tickets were being held at Will Call. \u00a0Rep Sarah, told me there was no documentation on their end that I had any conversation and that I never called. \u00a0In other words I was making this up. \u00a0I told her I was NOT happy with my conversation and I needed to speak to some regarding my experience. \u00a0She gave me a number to call to talk about my experience. \u00a0I called the number given to me, 714 781-4669, got a person by the name of Susan. \u00a0This Susan is something else. \u00a0I explained my experience to her and she kept asking WHY I was calling and that there NO documentation that I ever spoke to anyone and why was I call her department regarding my tickets. \u00a0I felt as though Susan was trying to aggravate the situation at hand. \u00a0She was successful I blew up and told her I was trying discuss my experience. \u00a0I DID NOT want to blow up being I worked has a Customer Service Representative and I know an angry person DOES NOT get what they trying to accomplish. \u00a0But to be told that I know NOTHING about Disneyland protocol. \u00a0Susan, I do KNOW this much as I have taking Hospitality Class from Disney. \u00a0That you ARE NOT to aggravate a customer at anytime. and to give threats to disconnect a call you aggravated. \u00a0I told you before I blew up that I was done talking with you and I wanted to speak to someone else. \u00a0So you thought to PUNISH me or put me in my place by speaking and treating me the way you did. \u00a0That you WOULD NOT let some else speak to me. \u00a0You disconnected the call and I tried to call back to speak to someone else and the woman answering the call quickly put me on hold to speak to you first. \u00a0Then she did NOT hear what I was calling about, she just told me that \"I work in the same office as Susan\" \"Susan has escalated your call and someone will call you tomorrow\" In a tone of voice that would speak to a toddler. NOT EVEN A GOOD BYE. \u00a0  I will tell you this much I will be heard and this is far from being done.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "What a horrible experience all around. We wasted so much money coming here. It was hot which would have been fine, but then they cram you in like sardines. No matter where you go you are touching someone else. The prices are absurd. I wish we never came. And I had been looking forward to and wanting to go for years. What a huge disappointment.", "rating": 1}, {"text": "I really wanted to love Disneyland, but our family's experience was well below average and not what I expected from Disney. We went to Disney World several years ago and had the \"magical\" Disney experience, so I was really looking forward to this visit. Unfortunately, most of the cast members we had interactions with were rude or unhelpful. We had a terrible experience with \"Chris\" at Space Mountain. We showed up at 9:30 a.m. during our scheduled FastPass time, only to be told that the system was down and to \"come back any time\". We went on our way and enjoyed a few other rides, while also continuing to use our FastPass to schedule other rides. We came back just before noon, but my unused FastPass reservation for Space Mountain disappeared from the app by no fault of my own. I explained to Chris what had happened, and asked if we could get on since we were told to come back any time. He was rude, said there is nothing he can do, and told me to make another reservation. I explained again that I already had a reservation, but it got deleted from the app. He continued to argue with me, and even claimed that I had already ridden the ride and was just trying to cut in line. I finally gave up, and angrily stormed off. We went and had a ridiculously overpriced lunch, and then I went back to try again. Thankfully Chris was gone, so I went up to another cast member and again explained my situation. She started to give me the same \"there's nothing I can do\" speech I heard from Chris, but seeing that I wasn't going to give up, she got another person to help me. He took my phone and looked it up in their system and again told me I had used the passes. I told him we have never ridden this ride in our lives (it was actually closed for maintenance when we went to Disney World). He begrudgingly took my phone again and added passes back on our account. While we finally got to ride it, I should never have had to argue so much with a Disney employee. They are there to make sure everyone is happy and has a great time, but apparently the cast members I dealt with didn't get that memo. And this was not the only situation. The cast members are not supposed to say \"I don't know\" or \"I can't help you,\" but I heard that from several that I talked to when I had questions or needed help. Needless to say, this is our one and only trip to Disneyland as I will never go back. We also went to Universal Studios and the San Diego Zoo while we were in California and couldn't have had a better experience with their employees (at less than half the price of Disneyland, I might add). What was supposed to be the highlight of our trip turned out to be the worst experience we had our entire trip to L.A. and San Diego. Sorry Disney, but you just lost a former lifelong fan.", "rating": 1}]