[{"text": "I was excited to get such a great deal on this iPad. It supposedly worked great, but we haven't had great luck with it. It did look great (screen was in great shape, nothing looked scratched, dinged or damaged) and the battery life is great. However, when I open just about any ap it takes a while to open and get going. The other two iPads (refurbished & same generation) my daughters have do not do this. Also, I'll be in the middle of something and it will quit and go back to the home screen. This is very frustrating. As it was under $100 I feel like it's still a decent buy, but I am disappointed in the glitches.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Why you send me old iPad screen broken and very scratch back and front Terrible item", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Item is to old to use apps i tried to get 30 different apps it would let me have none the one that worked did because it ran to slow so this was good for nothing at all if you want one of these hope its just for parts cause its to old to be good for anythingRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I am disappointed because it's no better than the one I already had. I wanted to upgrade so I could get higher than iOS 9.3.5 and this one is exactly the same. It doesn't upgrade to any higher, therefore a waste of money. When a product is up for sale it should state, can't be upgraded past 9.3.5 or whatever the case may be. Very disappointed.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Can't get past screen that says, \"Updating iCloud settings\". No printed info at all! No way for customer to get info on what to do. I've had Apple products for almost 20 years and I've never had anything as bad as this. I'm going to return it and I'd better get a complete refund!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Got a out dated iPad. none of the apps work. Tells me I need to have a iOS 13.0 for them to work. Why this didn't have it. My guess is so Apple can charge you for the services.    Like I've notice with most of the apps, you can't use unless you pay for it.  Some are monthly payments to use. Talk about fleecing the people. If this is what all Apple products are like. I'll stick with Microsoft Windows product's. They're more affordable.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The first day I received it I couldn\u2019t turn it on because no charger was provided. I bought a charger specially for iPads and it took forever to be charge. The next day I\u2019m excited to play with it, add apps and it was only had 30% battery. im going back to bring it to the apple store hopefully they can fix whatever it\u2019s wrong with it. so much to surprise my husband for his birthday.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The iPad 2 is out of date for what I want it for. I was unaware of what I needed to play games and bought the wrong iPad. It is good for simple things like searching the web, using it as a appointment book and anything that doesn't need to be downloaded.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Screen has touch sensitive issues. Not calibrated. A lot of long press double typing problems. Can\u2019t download or play any of the new games. I know it\u2019s a 2nd gen but should have spent more to get a more relevant iPad.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I am so disappointed! I purchased this tablet for my Mom for Mother\u2019s Day primarily so she can go on FB and keep up with family. It is an epic fail! We couldn\u2019t install Facebook because of the Tablet\u2019s operating system and it won\u2019t let us update the software. She accessed FB through Safari but said it glitches and takes so long to load.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I bought this as a gift for my friend and it doesn\u2019t work! The previous owner of This product hasn\u2019t logged out of his or her Apple ID and this messed the whole thing up I feel like this wasn\u2019t worth 45.00. And do not recommend it !!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I ordered a iPad 2 9.7 in. 32Gb. This old thing is a has been. The camera is obsolete. It uses the old iPad connections to charge the old style batteries. I ended up sending it back and I'm waiting for them to credit my account. I'm thankful they don't make them like they used to.  My feeling is not to waste the time and money on nestalgia when it comes to electro devices.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It only works for FaceTime. It glitches to much , and if you want to play a game it won\u2019t let you. It will glitch you out a game. I was told that it works and that it\u2019s good for streaming but how can you stream if it glitches you out the app. This is not a good buy .Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "These iPads are useless they are not up-to-date with the newest iOS so you\u2019re a really unable to do anything with these they are slow day freeze in an out a waste of your money don\u2019t buy I have owned several iPads this is for Children that are learning iPads not for an adult trust me I have owned several iPads and this is the worst one I think I\u2019ve ever dealt withRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "expected used to have a few scratches, what i received was dented all over the place, the home button barely works if pressed really hard, and DOES NOT CHARGE. I am going to buy a new charge hoping its the cable not the ipad but we will see. Very dissatisfied.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The product review is COMPLETELY OUT OF DATE.  Now that it is 2020 this review is completely OUT-OF-DATE.  Okay So I just bought an IPad 2 a few days ago for my mother thinking it was a good idea since she does not do anything aside from Facebook.  The device works but it is useless since apple will not allow it to have newer updated OS or allow any common app to install.  You will NOT be able to install ANY and I mean ANY app. (chrome, Facebook, gmail, twitter, spotify, firefox, candy crush, etc)  The IPAD2 is useless.  I have the IPad 2 mini and yet it works fines, but for some reason the IPad 2 is no longer supported.  Its a con.  Apple wants you to buy a new product.  I will never buy apple ever again.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "What I like about it it\u2019s an iPad and that\u2019s the only thing,,you can\u2019t run iOS 10 pretty much takes all the apps and everything out. don\u2019t waste your time or your money won\u2019t be able to do the things you want to do. At this point it\u2019s just a paperweight.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The iPad is very slow and most importantly, it froze a lot. I had to return it but they wouldn\u2019t pay for the shipping fee back ($12.99). It\u2019s like paying for the BROKEN iPad AND $12.90 for the shipping fee.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "total scam !!!!!!! You should notice in the description that you have a very old, obsolete and unusable IOS and which is not possible to update !!!!! Bone garbage, garbage and garbage ,,, money thrown into the garbage canRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This ipad only lasted for one day. Was a gift for a child. Poor baby could not charged the ipad because it refused to charge using original ipad charge. A lost of money and a child's happiness . This should had been in the reviews. Screen visual was the only this positive.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "DO NOT BUY THE THE IPAD 2!!!The running software will not support 10.0 anything. Apple has stated this and yet this site is still claiming that it will.I made the mistake of not doing research,Don't make the same mistake.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "My usb port to the outlet does not work. And the software is old can't download apps.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Not able to use device because activation  lock on iPad still hooked up to whoever had it before !! my daughter is disappointed on Christmas thought device came  refurbished  And unlock", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "First one I got would not turn on after the first sign on attempt. I received another one and it was locked. I was given a username and password, didn't work. After MANY attempts to get someone to contact me to resolve, I got no help. I am disappointedRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I can't do anything on this iPad!!  Every app I open and start to use it quits it and goes back to home screen. I hate it :(", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "One of the two products doesn\u2019t even allow you use the keyboard and the other IPad has problems charging and has a crack on top edge. They were not if the quality I expected going to return them.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I am very unhappy. The iPad is I assume a much older product and I can\u2019t use 90% of the functions. I\u2019ll be calling today to see about returning it", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Worked well for only 2 weeks. I've had to reset it numerous times. Keeps kicking me out of all apps.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I initially agreed to just let this go but I just can't.  The seller indicated the device was working perfectively but if you scrolled down far enough, you would find there were some cracks in the screen and the frame.  This was the understatement of the year.  In the first week, 1/2 of the top of the frame just fell off revealing the board below.  The screen had multiple cracks.  Finally, the back had a dent by the home button that the seller must have just missed.  I am getting a repair quote, but based on the web site, the repairs will easily exceed the cost of the iPad.  When all is said in done, I will have about $450 in my $175 iPad.  I would gladly compare my pictures with those posted.  I will not fight this as I feel this is the price of learning a bit more about e-bay.  But no more buisness with these guys.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The box was damaged and falling apart the back of ipad look as if it skid all over the floor. The power plug did not work you couldn't even connect. Very disappointed now have to spend addional money on new power cord!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The professor is so slow that I can't download certain apps, it takes forever to open any websites and the plastic case around the connector came off in my hand. ", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The iPad can\u2019t be upgraded from a 9.7 had I knew it was a 9.7 I would not have purchased it I would have gotten a better one. My grandson likes to play forniteand can\u2019t because the app is not compatible. So disappointed.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This product is not upgradeable, and can not be used with applications that require 10 or above.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I'm not very happy you cannot download any apps on the iPad I connect it to iTunes and everything it's still doesn't want to work I'm very unhappy", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "i bough  two one works very well and the other never work and i email back so i can sent one back but i never get an answer on the problem. if they contact to me i will appreciate.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I am displeased by the number of apps that do not work on this tablet. I have a mini ipad that does way more than this tablet.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Good afternoon! checked the goods, to get 2 aipads and 2 charger cable, and we bought 3. this is missing 1.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I just got this dysfunctional IPad and it don\u2019t even work have a blessed day.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "FORGOT MY PASSWORD - NEED TO WAIT 10 DAYS  FOR APPLE TO SUPPLY IT. NO WONDER SO CHEAP - NEVER AGAINI'M BEYOND DISGUSTED", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "When the mailman bring the box the box is broken when I open the iPod is broken too One quarter to the iPad is broken the screen is broken I try to speak to somebody or nobody no responding thank you", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Do NOT buy this! I got one its super slow, the battery is terrible, and it came with scratches all over! Do NOT waste your money!", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I could not get it past set-up screen.  Restarted and it would not take any updates.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I bought it for my Grandson.  It was too old to allow downloads on it.  The good news is that it was an easy return.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The iPad is not working, sometimes the screen is not working,it's so slow. I can't install stuff, it's useless I just wasted my 90$ on this useless iPad.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I will update this review if the sell fixes the problem or refunds my purchase", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I Pad was struck when i am using every time ,Not satisfy with that Ipad.last three days onwards I pad was not working properly, it is very slow response for touch icons.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "As used iPad look good but the the battery does not have long life and you need to connect the power all time", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Running slow when connected to WiFi. The screen freezes while playing game.  Can\u2019t download the newer games because this a First Generation", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "iPad 2 can\u2019t install YouTube or Netflix ! Can\u2019t download the new version of apple! Why sell a product that can\u2019t be used.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "when I bought the Ipads, I was told that they were new, they just did not have the original box, when they arrived the same, I was surprised because they are all scratched, beaten, broken in a corner", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I had to send it back couldn't get the school that owned it previously to clear off.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "these are not OEM quality, but also do not have the OEM price tag.  These cables need to be handled with care and most of them should work.  I bought these to have handy as the only iphone I have is a work phone and my office does not supply charging cords.  I now have several, keeping multiple cords in my suitcase, car, desk, and carry-on bag.  I would buy again, even knowing the light-duty ends and potential for quick fatigue.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The quality of product is great and I love 6 feet length. The connector itself fits loosely and keeps coming out of the phone. I need to check on the screen from time to time to make sure the phone is charging. The cable also gives 'incompatible accessory' message when used with good quality USB adapters other than Apple (I have Belkin for car).Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "This is just another example of a knockoff claiming to be an authentic OEM Apple accessory. I wanted a second charging cable to charge my phone on my motorcycle so I ordered this one. The price was good and it seemed a little strange it was so cheap, but they claimed authentic so I went with it. This charging cable no longer worked after about 3 weeks of use, just like other cheap Chinese knockoff cables last. This company is lucky I already left them positive feedback once I received it and found that it worked...temporarily. If you want a charging cable for an iPhone that works, order it from Apple. Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This cable doesn't seem to work with my car charger something I really use because I travel in my line of work so this supposedly original cord is useless to me I bought the real deal cable for iPhone 5 at Best Buy for a little more money but at Least I didn't throw my money alway. Campaigning the two cables  this cable under review here is 1 inches shorter and a tiny bet skinnier. Just go to bestbuy!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The cable charges the Iphone faster than other fake ones, but not fast as an Apple one. I bought it one month ago and it keep working fine, but these cables use to work around 6 months.But the biggest bullshit about this cable is the printing that should be on it \"designed by Apple...\", mine is just blank and this let me think it's fake.So, let's flip the coin...Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I received them and put 1 to use right away, well it did not work. I tried it on different charging blocks still did not work. So I took out the second of the 4 that I had ordered. That one lasted almost 3 days before the wires started to pull out of the lightning side. ( I never pull on the cable only the thick hard plastic piece. So that one ended up in the trash also. 2 to go. So I am now on the third one of 4.  This was all in a matter of 3 days. The third one I am using now I wrapped both ends with electrical tape. So far so good, but it has only been 1 day. So if you purchase them, I hope you have better luck with them than I did. I know I will never waste my money on these ever again. Hope this helps Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Brand new cables that look like original Apple in original Apple boxes. I have a feeling they are cheap copies, because of the 2 brand new cables I bought, one is charging intermittently at low rate and the other never worked at all. I tried it on IPhone 6 and 8 as well as IPad. All devices charge perfectly when connected to old used Apple cable on the same adaptor and outlet.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The cable is well made but too short. By the time you find a nearby plug in the house you only have 1 meter of cord to set it on a table top or coffee table or night stand etc. Another 20 inches would make it easy to meneuver your phone around while plugged in also.Apple obviously figured 20 inches saved on a few million cords is significant. Maybe I'm being picky but I would only pay the eBay price for one, not the apple store price for sure.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Only one of the three cables works, which I supposed ends up being 'okay' because the sale price is still low for even just one cable. However, I bought this set because the price per cable was good, assuming all three were useable. It would have made more sense to buy one authorized cable for a little more than to gamble on these off brand cables.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I bought these for my grandaughter and after a short time, they both are no longer working. Since she does not live with me, I can not be certain if the product was faulty or there was an issue with how she used them. According to her, they both stopped charging the phone. My thinking is that the product overall maybe good but we got a bad batch.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I had bought two of these cords a few months ago, and was surprised they were authentic and so cheap.  I had intermixed them with the couple of other cords I had, and a month or so later, some had stopped working.  I wasn't quite sure which was which, and when I found more of these inexpensive replacements on eBay,  I was very skeptical this time.When I first opened the bubble envelope, I began inspecting the boxes carefully.  The boxes seemed legit, and they were sealed closed.  However, the glue on the bottom of the boxes was a bit sloppy.  I opened one of them, and compared it to one cable I identified as an older, but legit Apple cable. The details on the new cable were near identical, but there were very tiny differences.  The feel of the covering, the sharpness of the corners, the flexibility...  I am fairly sure these are very detailed knock-offs, and they're the ones that are failing.  They work normally for about 3-4 weeks, then they will randomly not charge or charge very slowly.  For the price, I guess I got what I paid for, but they are not a great deal, simply a con.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I ordered this product and it worked for several days.  Although the site states, \"High quality Apple MFi Certified Lightning to USB cable (2m) 6ft.\u201d this is the message that showed up on my IPad: \"This cable or accessory is not certified and may not work reliably with this IPad.\" Before I received that message on my IPad, my phone started flashing and beeping when I plugged it in.I contacted OEM on Sept. 19 and have not heard from them yet.  I also contacted them through Paypal, again with no response.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This charger does chargers but only at certain positions and angles. I notice it only charges when I hold the phone and I\u2019m actually using it while it\u2019s charing. You can\u2019t expect this to be an ACTUAL Apple product, it\u2019s great as a backup until you can get the original charger. Also, if you have a warranty for your iPhone. A charger is also covered, so just contact your company for a free ACTUAL Apple charger replacement. Other than that, compared to the other fake/backup I iOS chargers, these are better than the others!Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "This cable looks and feels just like an authentic Apple charging cable. It worked really well for about a week, then I noticed it was taking a really long time to charge my phone. Very soon after I noticed that while I was using my phone while is charged, I was actually losing power. I left my phone alone for about five hours to charge and only gained 10% battery. Now when I try to charge, I lose power somehow even though my phone isn't in use. Using the original cable I received with my phone, this does not happen so I know it's not a problem with my phone, but with the new cable.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "This deal seemed great when I was first looking into it. I read down through many many reviews trying to see if it was worth it. Although it wasn\u2019t a substantial amount of money I don\u2019t like having to go on a search for a charger that won\u2019t break on me within a month. Do not not buy this charger find another better charger, it stopped working in a month and at first I thought it was my battery but then I realized that this charger just gave up and it takes a long time to charge. I would not buy this again and I don\u2019t recommend any of you to either.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Purchased these since iPhones a lot of times dont accept chargers that aren't Apple Made. Unfortunately one of these had the same issue. Luckily one worked so I am still pleased since the price was $10.All in all im content and will need to purchase another here soon.ThanksRead full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It is very slow not like the original Apple cord,  however the cord is advertised as authentic.Also it took 2 whole weeks to get it. Way too long to wait for it.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I bought one asking before if it was a real Apple cord. The cheaply ones break easy and won't charge. After I received it and had it and realized it wasn't a real Apple charger as stated as decried. I asked for a refund back by this seller. Beware of the cheap chargers they don't work and break. They would say Apple on the cord.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Bought 3. Error not compatible on ipad, thin wires, not at all good for ipad, and may cause damage but not willing to use long enough to find out. Was going to return but no printer for return label, live too far from anything to be worth while.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This is cord is fine for charging the phone, but like other third-party brands I've tried it does not allow me to connect to my computer and upload pictures.  I have only been able to do that with Apple brand cords.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "They say it's an apple original cable but it isn't. The price looked so good to be true. In my phones (iPhone 6 S Plus) works very well at the moment. Charges fast like an original one and the cable seems in good condition. Hoping it keeps working that way for a long time.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Works great and having a long cable is super handy for using my phone in bed. As far as I can tell it really is a OEM version.EDIT: This cable stopped working about 6 months after I got it. At first the data stopped working so I could only use it to charge but not to sync, then the whole thing just stopped working one night. I've never had an iPhone cable last such a short time.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Bought three of these cables. The first one stopped working after 2 hours!! The second one worked for a week, but it stops charging intermittently and I have to take the cable out and put it back in again for it to continue charging again. Even when it does charge my IPad, it's really slow. On the third cable now, after just 2 weeks of buying the product!! Useless!!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "These items are said to be original and they come in original packaging, but they don't work as well. My iPhone charged so slow. The charging box feels much lighter than an original. If you're looking for authentic, this isn't for you. If you're looking for something decent at a low price, this is great.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The specs say that this is an OEM product but I seriously doubt that it really is. When I plug it into my iphone 5S, .4 times out of 10 I will get a message that the product was not designed for my phone and may not function properly, then my phone does not charge or charges very slowly. Like I said, I dont think that this is really OEM.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "It just started giving me an error message that the accessory is not supported by the device...A little concerned. It shouldn't be saying that but I unplug and re plug and it goes away for awhile. I was getting ready to buy another and now will wait to seeRead full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I knew it when this cable was colored a weird tinted blue. An official cable is ALWAYS white.The lightning cable wiggles in the charge slot of my iPhone 6 plus and can be easily unplugged with little effort; does not even plug all the way in. After 4 weeks of light usage, the cable offers a weak charge and sometimes requires unplugging & re-plugging to successfully get a charge.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I got these and they seemed legit but now the one stops working and you keep hearing the ding of the phone going off and on over and over because the charging cord us defective. I bought two but only use the one in my car. The other one that stopped charging I used every night before bed. I checked with Apple thinking it was my phone but they said nothing is wrong with my phone that it must be the charging cord. So I'm upset because I thought being an OEM it would last longer than a generic cord. Do I'm hoping this seller sends me a replacement asap as I need my phone to be charged.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I bought an Apple 2m charger at Best Buy a couple years ago.  But the cord now is going caput with all the use.  I got this new one and boy it sure was taking forevvvvver to charge my phone.  So I put them to the test.  With my old cord it charged 48% in 51min. The new charger charged 28% in 88min.  Clearly this new one is not lightning speed when it takes almost an hour and a half to charge only 28%.  But since I paid so little and paid for shipping it wouldn't be worth shipping them back.  It still charges, but not at the speed I'm used to when I supposedly bought a lightning charger.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This item was for me of medium quality in relation to the price, in my case I bought 5 and 2 of them did not work.They are easy to use and the finish is good, if they had worked 100% I would have given 5 starsRead full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "This is not an original, OEM Apple Lightning USB cord. It looks like one, but upon further examination, the wire is thinner and the end which plugs into your iPhone, iPad, etc is longer than the OEM which came with my iPhone and iPad and the plating on the 8 pin end is not the same. The tell-tale trial was when it would not open Apple Car Play in my new car. The only cords which will open Car Play are the original OEM Lightning cables. The cord does charge my Apple products but again, it is not an OEM Apple product as advertised.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "This \"original genuine\" iPhone charger worked a total of 3 times before it now causes the phone to say it is not a compatible device.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Maybe it's just the cable I received, but it doesn't always charge or connect to the device. Often my iPhone will display a message saying the cable is not compatible. If the cable shifts or is bent the wrong way it will stop charging my phone. I was hoping for a better value than the regular Apple cable, but this is just more of a headache. Next time I will just go buy the real thing.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I plugged it int the adapter and the plastic on the usb came off and am unable to fix...The other two are fing this time 2 out of 3 is bad.Steve", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I ordered two of these, and in both instances the charger needs to be positioned at a certain angle or the phone propped up in order to get working. I only gave it two stars instead of one because they do the job for now, but I anticipate as with most third-party chargers these will fizzle out and stop working completely relatively soon. One of them only works when you put pressure on it and lean it forward. I'm convinced Apple would not let that product out the door.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "This was not an original apple charger, they just used an apple box. The connection gets stuck when you connect it to the phone and it is hard to take off. Overall, it does its job but your better off buying an original charger from Apple.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Does not insert as easy as OEM, and does not always have a positive connection. Advertised as OEM, but I doubt it. Better than other aftermarket cables but not as good as Apple's and some higher prices cables.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Don't be fooled by the bargain price.  Two never worked.  I thought the third one was working, but I was mistaken.  The problem is the wires are not connected well at the plug.   When I plugged in, I heard the iPad tone that it was charging, but later found it hadn't charged at all.  Then saw that when you wiggle the cord, it goes on and off.  Cheaply made.  Got them yesterday, threw 2 immediately in the trash.  This morning, the third one joined them.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "THESE ARE NOT OEM CABLES! THEY HAVE ALL FAILED! ALL OF THEM! YOU OPEN THEM, USE THEM FOR LIKE 3 DAYS AND THEY START CONNECTING TO YOUR PHONE.I decided to run a software reader on the USB to recognize the phones and my data came back as, \"Unable to detect device. Please use OEM USB cord.\" They should NOT be selling them as OEM!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Not as good quality as original. They also don't last as long. I've gone through 2 already in a month or so. One of the cables corroded and I couldn't use anymore (obviously) and the other one just didn't charge anymore. This third one is iffy at best. It works when it wants to. I would of rather paid this amount for just one GOOD charger.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "These are not \u201cGenuine OEM\u201d Lightning cables. They are Chinese knockoffs with similar packaging design. The classic Apple tab you peel to open the box just broke off, and the arrow is orange not green. The cord inside came shrink wrapped in plastic (unlike real apple chargers), and the paper wrapping the cord wasn\u2019t at all Apple quality. It just flakes apart. The metal lighting connector is slightly longer than a real Apple cable, and the white material feels sticky and cheap. Would not recommend!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "the cord works but 2 of the 3 i ordered had the usb plastic covering over the plug loose making it tricky to plug in.there are many cheaper cords that im sure would work as well", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "These worked great when I first received them.  Now, a month later, they don't work anymore.  When I plug them into the phone to charge it, a warning messages pops up on my phone saying it isn't recognized and may not function like a true Apple product.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The cords looked good.  Initially they had to be jiggled to work but after few days they stopped working.  They kept on going off and on (after jiggling).  Now, neither work.  For iPad Mini, the cords never worked.  For iPhone6, they worked initially but quit.I will not buy this brand and do not recommend it!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "product is fine works great seems to be good quality i still have to see how long it ill last me just not the best price found it cheaper a day latter here on eBay =(", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Product is as advertised. Cable is not as flexible as the one that came with the phone and it holds it's coil or memory, but not necessarily a bad thing. So far, so good, no notification alert saying this is the wrong charging cable and charges just fine.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The charger cable I received had some type of clear residue that would not allow me to plug it into my phone. Misleading name calling it \"authentic and original\"! Did not enjoy the item!", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They shipped 4 iPhone 6s charging instead of 5 and one was older for iPhone 4, when ask em to replace one cable now they are asking another $5. Why should I pay for their mistake. This is so ignorant and poor business practice. Other store has much cheaper and better product to offer. Will not purchase again with em.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The USB cables were good for about 3 to 5 uses when charging the iPhone6. When the USB cable is plugged into the phone, it will start to charge for 1 second, stop charging for a second and start charging again for another second, repeating the start/stop over and over. The cords are no longer functional.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Charger broke not even a month within having it.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "So I got the package and it comes all sealed like it from apple but I am skeptical to believe its an OEM cable since I have never had an OEM cable work for less than an hour and feel like it does not fit properly in my cell. I use to sell these for AT&T and I know how they should fit and the average lifespan. It does not fit snug in the cell and it lasted for less than an hour. Not worth my time to go through the hassle of returning the cord. Its true when they say you get what you pay for.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Bought three chargers, one only works if the wire is pulled a certain way. Another one works when it wants to and the wire cover is tearing, the last one works fine if you shove it in the phone with aggression and the plastic near the  connector is cracking and is bent. Overall poor quality and regret this purchase.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Very good price for that many cords but so far after a few uses they have fallen apart and no longer work. Now I have to buy more and this time I will buy actual Apple ones.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "These continuously wiggle in and out of my computer's USB port, causing the phone to start and stop charging continuously until you either 1) find the exact position it wants to be in and never touch it (which sometimes doesn't even work), or 2) unplug it and use a different cord. I don't care that they aren't even legit, but even knockoffs actually WORK sometimes. These are entirely awful and do not function.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "And I have a 7+ so maybe that makes a difference? Maybe the cord length makes a difference? But these cords are slow as all hell. Within an hour I might have 20/30% and I've opened and used all 3 cords. I have the adapter that came with my 7+ so I don't know what my problem is but I'll just take the shaft and buy them from Apple next time. At least I will know they're fast :/Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Well at first, I had no issues with using the product, but I noticed a crack on the side of the cable that go in the phone after two weeks! I also noticed the cord is much thinner compared to the original apple charger, and the cord will have tiny wrinkles if it was accidentally twisted.  Overall, I would not buy this product again or recommend to anyone!Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "After purchasing the cables, I was using one to maintain a charge in my iPhone as I was driving and using the Google Maps app to navigate. The cable malfunctioned in some fashion, and ceased to power the phone.  The cable appears to be constructed of a lighter weight material than the original iPhone cable that came with my phone.  I have not attempted to use the other two cables.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "It's a POS. I've only had it for less then a couple weeks but stopped using it after only a few days cause it wouldn't charge sometimes but charge at other times. Would only charge on ine side, fit VERY snug in the port.Save your money and buy elsewhere.DEFINITELY NOT OEM.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "These cables look great and were a great price, but I sometimes get an error message when using them with my apple devices. Usually the device still charges, but sometimes it will not charge.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "But it is not. The only notable difference is surface texture of the metal on usb side. I have 2 original cables and they have much more smoother metal surface. My phone gave a non original cable error once for this. However, it works and charges at the same speed with original so I am ok with it.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "These are not genuine Apple charging cables. They were advertised as oem charging cables and the moment I took them out of the box, I could tell they were not even close to Apple quality. Not only that, but after only 2 days of use, the cable ceased working. Terrible product, I do not recommend purchasing this unlike you want a cheap charging cable that will last less than a week.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "First few days were great, charged my phone fast and the cord was perfect length. Not even a week later and it suddenly doesn't charge my phone, it sits there and says my phone is charging but the battery is dying, not charging. Tried using my boyfriend's phone to make sure there wasn't something wrong with my phone and it wouldn't charge his either. Don't waste your moneyRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Bought these for an iPhone 6 and it charged phone for 5 minutes and stopped. Had to wiggle the cord to get charging again, then wrap cord around phone to hold in position to keep charging. Eventually quit altogether and had to restart my phone to get original charger to work on phone. Do not buy this trash.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Very odd how this cable works for some and not for other iphones.even after resetting, hard resetting and powering down. Still didn't work for my iphone 5S IOS 9.3.2 but it worked for my sons iphone 6 plus IOS 8 later my sons iphone didn't recognize his other charging cable huh???Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I purchased two of these and I received one that didn't work at all and the second lasted two days before breaking. When I first received them I thought I was just being a snob because it didn't look like an Original manufacture from Apple. However I push that to the side and gave it a shot and my final outcome ended with me having two charging cables. Do yourself a favor and just buy a decent charger that'll last. At least I'm only out $5.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The first 2 reviews under the heading \"most relevant reviews\" are for the 6 foot (2m) cable. That review grabbed my attention and I immediately purchased the item. I should of paid closer attention to the product description as these are the standard length 3 (1m) foot cable.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I am so sick and tired of people listing things as genuine Apple products when they are not. I was racking my brain trying to figure out why this wouldn\u2019t charge my iPhone, I went to the repair store and they said my phone is charging fine as long as it\u2019s connected to a genuine Apple charger. Then I went to Walmart and bought a genuine Apple charger and now it works fine. DO NOT BUY Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I don't think these are actually OEM cables. I have to wiggle them around for my (and my wife's) IPhone 5 to recognize them. Phone keeps saying \"not supported accessory\" and one of the cables won't work no matter  how you wiggle it. You get what you pay for. When will I learn...Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "super thin and flimsy cord, after 2-3 weeks it started malfunctioning by not properly charging the phone unless it was held in a certain position. then all of a sudden the end that connects to the phone snapped off.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "This cable works well and will charge the iPhone 6 very well.However, the quality of the cable is not very good. It is very stiff and not very flexible. Any bending or flexing will cause it to fail sooner than later. Most Apple cables are made with superior materials.You only get what you pay for.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "product is good but design is too short,barely reaches from wall outlet to a table.My fault should have realized they were to short when ordering.Charges well though for usage when phone is not needed,just too short to use phone at same time.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I bought 3 cables about a month ago and I gave one to my son and one to my daughter.  The one I gave to my son has already failed in that the male end that goes into his phone came apart from the cable and was stuck in his phone.  The one I gave my daughter is working fine.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "These are not \"Original\" chargers as advertised. Within the 1st week 2 of 3 chargers when connected to my IPhone stated \"This accessory is not compatible with this device\". Not happy about the false advertising.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Look ok but when using them they did not work. Moved the conection to iphone(Iphone 7 and 6s plus) then it charge. Put the phones down it stop. Do not work with ipad at all. All my cable work fine bought these for extra. Will buy better quality next timeRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I've ordered several of these for my IPhone 5s. They do not last hardly no time. A few months at best. Always states not compatible with phone. One only lasted a couple of days. Will go to AT&T from now on.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "These things work great out of the box. But after 2-3 months they start to break. And when that happens it becomes a pain to charge me iPhone. I'm almost starting to think that these aren't Apple brand.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "This charger is shorter than the original apple charger. I've had it for about 2 days and it already broke (not durable). I'm just very unsatisfied with this product as a whole. Never buying online charger ever again. Thanks for teaching me my lessonRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It still does not stay in the charging port very weli-I had previously bought aftermarket cables and they work about the same as the OEM ones. Have to be real careful to here the charging tone when they are plugged in and to not move the phone at all while it is charging or it will disconnect slightly and stop charging...:(Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "This cable looks thinner then original Apple cable. It only works on iPhone but don\u2019t charge iPads. I have several iPads in my house and on all of them I see the message Not charging. I wonder if this is something to do with latest Apple updates. I had to revert to my old Apple cables.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Fast delivery yes! That I will give as for the product no good. There was cut on one of the card as if the person or persons who made it forgot to had more wiring. Anyways just go to the Apple store and by the original it\u2019s worth your money that way instead.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I have clean ports on a newer phone. Older Apple lighting cords purchased from Apple Store work great. Can not get these new cords to make contact. Got a blink of change pushing as hard as I could in port. Think these are rejected misfitted Apple products.NO GOODRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Advertised as compatible with iPhones.  That is not the case with this particular cable.Did not return it.......Simply checked it against another iPhone and when it didn't work properly onthe second iPhone, I destroyed it.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "One gets what they pay for.  I tried to save a little money by buying a set of 3 of these lightening cables.  I have had the set for about 2 weeks.  1 cable failed, then worked on testing right out of the package.  The other two worked on initial testing.  As of now, two of the cables are unusable.  I'm hopeful that the 3rd cable last for a while longer.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "this cable is duplicate and not original. I was so pissed of because after updating the phone apple has stopped charging the phone with a duplicate charger. I didn't even wanted to give a single star to this product. REAL WASTE OF MONEYRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "After using 2 months, the cable sometimes could not be successfully connected to my iphone, or after connection my iphone could not recognize the cable, that means I can not transfer data through the cable.I have to say it is not as good as the original cable I got with my iphone.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "It doesn't work on my iPhone 6 and only intermittently on my iPad Air . I get a error message on the device that the cord is not compatible .", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "This is the most poor excuse for a bootlegged product I've ever purchased.  It took me over a month to receive a sub-par \"original OEM iPhone charger\" I've ever seen. I could have gotten better quality buying from the swap meet or flea market. I gave both chargers a try but both went out within 72 hours.  STOP NOW... you're in the wrong business.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Not original n not compatible after few days of use its worthless", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I have to turn the charger on one specific side for it to work. But it charges fine after that. It did take a long time to arrive, but I don't know who to blame for that lol I was really angry for a while.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I got this cable and right fromThe beginning it seem like it was not authentic. The logo on the USB is slightly different then the Apple cable that came with my iPhone. It was working fine but would charge the phone real slow and eventually within a week it stopped charging the phone at all. Never buy these cables.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It gets the job done, however it isn't as powerful as I would like. I have an iPad air 2, and my previous charger was lot more powerful. Thus charger would be perfect for iPhone and maybe smaller tablets.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Wire at base of charger has torn away after just over a month. Charger also refuses to charge one of my devices. I have never experienced this with an authentic Apple product before, and would not recommend purchasing this product.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It broke within the first two weeks of buying it. Even before breaking, I had complaints. I noticed that it charged my phone slowly and after charging, my phone's battery would go down way faster than normal. Once it died when I still had 35%. I did not get on my phone for 45 minutes and it went from 100% to 40% then died.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "This is the exact same stiff, \"coat hanger wire\" .71 cent cable from China. Every time the cable is bent it becomes a permanent kink. It also takes A FULL DAY to charge your phone with this aftermarket cable.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "These cords are NOT apple products. They do not charge my phone at all and when plugged in my phone says these are not a compatible device. I have the iPhone 6 and it does not charge it at all.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "These cables have been designed to work with a USB jack; is it fair and reasonable to sell them without the USB component? NO! These are those quick fixes from China that are polluting our world! Stop it!Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "But, seriously, for $2, what would you expect?  You can read on the Apple website how to tell if it's authentic or not, and these cables look like good counterfeits to me. I have not used one yet, but I expect it to work fine -- for a little while.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "These cords do not work in all scenarios. When used with an Apple charging block, it\u2019s fine. But when used with a 3rd party car adapter, it doesn\u2019t work. I literally tried it with probably 10 different adapters and three different phones.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Upon feeling this next to a new Apple branded charger I ended up buying after these failed one by one, the material and thickness of the cable were in no way the same. You get what you pay for.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Smth is wrong with the charger . The slightest touch makes it go on and off. Imagine how tough is it when phone is connected to the computer? No one expects , of course, to buy \"original here\" even if it says \"original\", but this item is just way too bad.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Hi I bought 2 of these. I did work and one did not work. I thought also that if it was an authentic plug it would have upc #'s on the cord. These do not. I believe these to no be authentic.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "After a week of use on a nightstand (think not really moving or pulling since it's night time) the outer jacket has pulled away at the phone end. The inner wires are now exposed....", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "First class Garbage!!!!!! Wouldn't even make a good shoestring. Quit working after first use. No warranty!!!! Beware !!!!!!!!!! There's a reason why they are so cheap. It's because they are garbage!!!!!!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I purchased three of these cables. Within a month of delivery one stopped working. I've had this happen a number of times in the past. I'll have to stop buying these poor quality knock off accessories. When the Apple Store reopens I'll pay the price and purchase the real thing.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It has been two weeks and the cord still works.Update: It has been less than 2 months and my iPhone says that the cord is not a compatible accessory, which means it is not an apple product.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I wouldn't buy these again, it didn't work as they claimed... it's so hard to tell if these are the genuine...Next time around I'd buy straight out, directly from Apple.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This is a good value for the price and does well charging my phone, however sometimes it stops charging before the phone is at 100%. It says that Apple does not support that accessory and I have to unplug it and plug it back in for it to charge completely.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Charger looks brand new but is not original is not working ...very disappointed, i was waiting a week and not this is not a original!!!", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "These are horrible! And you definitely get what you pay for. These obviously aren\u2019t genuine lightning cables. I got the 2 pack and one was broken within an hour. The second one throws an error that it isn\u2019t compatible. Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Compared to my real Apple charger there are notable differences between the two which leads me to believe this is fake. Also, after one day of charging my phone with this charger my phone broke and would not turn on. Unsure of it being linked together, I would assume this charger was at fault. Do not buy.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I've gone through many different cables for the newer iPhone, some work for a short time and some not at all straight out of the package, these are no different. They work for a short time then the appear as an unsupported device.Buy apple only and save your money.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "It was advertised as a genuine Apple cord, but was an obvious counterfeit. When you compared it to a genuine Apple cord it was very obvious. I would not do business with them again, at all.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I used this iPhone charger cord for apx. one week before it stopped charging my phone, when it was working it was sooo slow .i bought 2 of these supposed \"OEM\" Apple iPhone chargers the other one works but its also very slowI bought a charger cord today at CVS because I needed my phone to work it was a semi-emergency ,this cord is so fast chargerRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Not certified to use in Apple iPads. Poor quality and a off brand product, certainly not OEM.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Got this USB light port cable less than a month ago. It almost looked like if it had been used before when I first got it.  It have not been a month and it already stopped working.  There is most likely some loose wiring because it randomly disconnects quite often but it doesn't even charge anymoreRead full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Very poor quality not worth your money at all!! Don't waste your money on this crap!!! It's a complete lie they are genuine of course not!! Awful quality!!", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I bought 10 of these because it's always nice to have spares, only to find out that most of them don't work. I was surprised because I usually buy apple. Products and they are usually ok. I even tried them with different chargers but they still won't charge my iPhone or iPad.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I don't know why but these OEM lighting usb cables are awful. I have gone through 3 in less than a year using them on my ipod 5 and iphone 5. They stop working with no visible sign of damage. Very frustrating!!!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "i bought these thinking they where genuine chargers by the title turned out they where fake when i first received them they felt cheap to begin with i usually buy my chargers from best buy but i wanted to save a little money and try my luck off ebay boy was i wrong when i first plugged it on charge it was charging pretty slow i plugged and it ripped and the pin part was stuck in the phone my second i bought ( i bought two) broke in 3 days i wish i could of read a review so i could of spent my money elsewhereRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "First cable I used the first time I unplugged it the cover on the lightning plug side came off second cable melted on the lightning port side after a couple charges Third cable just didn\u2019t work fourth cables working so far but once I get some decent ones I\u2019m going to throw it away.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Horrible..one of them didn't work at all. The cords are so thin I can't see them lasting any longer than a few weeks. These are not original Apple chargers at all, the only come in the same looking packaging.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Pictures display original box but when I received mine one could tell they are definitely NON OEM.The cables def feel different as well. I just went to target and purchased a real reliable one.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It works and very durable, you can't beat the price well worth the money I spent.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I am not sure how \"Genuine\" it is, but both cables I received work awfully. If you just plug it into an iPhone (mine is 6S) they don't start charging. You have to plug them in harder and/or try a couple times with slightly different angles. I am afraid this will destroy iPhone's port pretty soon.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Terrible!! I purchased 2 for my wife and I and neither take a charge .. it fact I lose battery from using these . They are not an Apple product. Typical eBay bs . Trust me DO NOT BUY ! Scam Apple productRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Not genuine Apple cords. The connector does not fit smoothly into any of our devices. There is stringy fibres similar to hotglue string at the connectors. ", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "BAD QUALITY DOES NOT CHARGE EFFICIENTLY  - YOU ARE NOT SAVING MONEY WITH THIS PRODUCT BUT THE ORIGINAL ONE THE BRAND ...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "No doubt that it came in an Apple OEM box, and was 25% of the Apple Store price, but it doesn't work very well, has an intermittent connection to the phone, so it fails to charge reliably.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "It says genuine, but its not. It comes in the apple box, but isnt originally from apple. It gets the job done I'm ot denying that, it just isnt an original apple charger", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I bought the buy 4 get 2 free Lighting USB sync cables deal. After only a short period of time, 2 of the 6 cables have already failed. I've got to believe that it is only a matter of time, before others began to go out.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Plugs in to phone too tight.  Cable pulls apart when removing.  Overall a very poor cable.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I try charging my phone and IPad non of them charge so I ended up buying new ones from Apple Store because they told me that the ones I bought are not original and with the new update they will not charge my phone or any Apple products so that's the reason not happyRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Product was not as good as original it was taking nearly more than an hour for complete charge", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "These cords are not genuine Apple. The 8 pin end that plugs into the device is too large and has a hard time plugging in and then doesn\u2019t charge the device. Would not recommend that anyone buy these cords unless you want to wreck your device. Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Yea these are good at charging but build and durablity quality is not good. I just got these and they are already breaking one of the chargers ends broke off in my ipad", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "My my iPhone 6 rejects it only because the original work well.so next time I'll buy in a apple store more expensive but compatible with my iphone6 .", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "bought this cable so i could charge my ipad at work.  plugged this cable into my dead ipad.  it took 30 mins to  deliver enough charge to turn the ipad on.  after an hour and a half i had a 4% charge.  i ran the ipad for 10 mins, with it still plugged in, and it shut down on me because the battery was dead.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I bought this cause my old wire was getting chipped and the outside tapping was ripping off. Yeah it came fast but once I tried it, it said this didn't work with this apple product and it wasn't recognized by my iPad. Can't even use it, don't buy this!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Though this cable is not as flexible as a genuine Apple lighting to usb cable, it is as close as you can get. But for the price you pay it\u2019s very good!", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Ive literally had this charger for less than a month and it broke within the first week. It continuously makes the noise saying its charging or not and bot only is it irritating and a waste of money. I wouldn\u2019t recommend this to anyone.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The product looks same like apple product but doesn't work with my 5S & 6 Hard to charge, the connector end is little longer than the OEM so if you push all the way in and hold it ,it start charging as soon as you move the hands it will stop charging doesn't worth....Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Cable arrived in an unsealed package. It is not an apple product. Just an apple package. The cable I received is generic garbage. Trash that can be purchased anywhere for $2.99. What a sad little 5 dollar scam.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Well this is my first review ever,I just felt like I had 2 so that I can help others save time and $,So I finally received this item and right away I handed it over to my Daughter because this was purchased as a replacement for her and on the 2nd day she comes to me and shows me where it had ALREADY TORERead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Never has bad cables like this worst quality ever didn\u2019t had time ship it back definitely worst slow charge", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Only way this item worked was to switch cables with my existing charge modemWas very disappointedHow can I return this for one that works.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "First day, the first one doesnt work. The second one works by wiggling, n the third one works so far. I guess u get what u paid for. Very poor quality. Looks fine but...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Didn\u2019t work on my Kia radio. Only charges but doesn\u2019t show on screen when using gps like the original cable that came with my iPhone X", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "When you plug these cables into an iPhone, the iPhone will say \"charging\" but it will not charge. When the iPhone is in use the battery goes down. Tried with multiple different power bricks [including my iMac & MacBook Pro] as well as tried multiple different iPhone. 100% recommend to NOT purchase these.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Only 20 days working fine after not working need remove cable in my phone and boot again more time im using cable with my original adapter", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It isn't worth it I was In desperate Ned of a charger so I bought this thinking it would at least last me a day but no I got it and it doesn't make great connection and needs to be adjusted to get it to begin to chargeRead full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "My phone showed the message \"This accessory is unsupported\" each time I used this cable, but it seemed to work anyway, for about a week.  Last night the phone displayed a different warning, saying the accessory is unsupported and may not function correctly, or something like that, and this morning the phone was out of power.  When I use it to connect my phone to my computer, it the phone buzzes and flashes and does not function. This cable is definitely a fake, a knock-off.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Lightning Cable doesnt lighten i dont y how to lighten itand still having doubt that it has warranty or not", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Sure you're saving money but it's worth it to pay a few more dollars for quality and something long lasting. These are great for a quick charge in case of emergency but if you want a sufficient charge of your phone that won't drain quickly spend the cash for that quality because this isn't it!Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "In order for these to work you have to clip excess plastic from around the part that plugs into the phone or ipod. Getting it to actually charge is also a trick because it is not a apple supported product so it doesn't always work.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Adapter did not work iPhone 8 iOS 12.3. I tried it on 3 different headphone cables but the adapter did not pick up the audio on any of them. Charging cables work fine. ", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "thought this was a perfect deal, looks authentic and even titled \"Genuine OEM Apple Lightning Cables\".  Cheap wires, the pack came in 10 in which 3 only worked.  very thin wire....needs to re-evaluate his false postingRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0goodsalesz", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Not a real Apple lightning cord as described. Even brought them (bought 4) with packaging to the Apple Store and they confirmed they are not Apple brand.Stay away", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Says original Apple OEM but it isn't. Box was open when it came with generic charger put in it to make it seem real. Still works though.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The cables come in what appears to be an Apple box.  They look like Apple cables, but they don't charge as reliably as Apple lightning cables.  For the savings, I am willing to plug and unplug the cable a few times until the iPhone or iPad starts charging..  Usually that does the trick.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "One of the cables wasn't able to charge within a week, while the other only works for about two monthsis. Now I am not sure if they are authentic Apple lightning cables.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Came with 3 chargers- one does not work at all - one says this charge not compatible. Usually these chargers stop working after 1 month- time will tell.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The charger cables are not useful at all. If i put Iphone 6 or 7 to charge, the phone just keeps blinking and charging goes on and off instantaneously. this is worst then any cheap cable.. not worth to buy.. full waste of time and money.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Very slow in receiving them. Bought on the 11th and ent received them yet.  Should not take this long in getting them.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "As soon as I plugged this cable in to my iPod Touch to recharge it while listening in my car, there was very annoying interference in the sound.  Plugged in the cable that came with the iPod - no interference.  It works for transferring data and charging but if you try to use it in your car, it makes the audio unlistenable.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "These cords first appear to be Apple products. The packaging looks authentic.One cord worked for a couple of days. The other cord caused the iPhone to message that this is not an Apple product when first plugged into the phone.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Cheap imitation product. Poor quality. Represents the $4.99 cost. Much better to pay more to get better. These don\u2019t charge in a car either and keep stopping. Seller did what they should do. But the product itself is crap.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This product is not original as it is mentioned in the description. It only works for a few days and then stops working. Good thing I had another charger cause my phone was about to die. ", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Didn't work at all. Tried to plug it in to many different outlets giving it the benefit of the doubt to no avail. Better off buying a full priced apple one.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The only reason I bought them is because it says Original Genuine Apple.  I purchased 3 of them and NONE of them charge our iphones or ipads.  Waste of money.  I threw them away.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Had this cord plugged into my phone and it was charging. Several hours later will no longer charge. Changed the cord and all is good. Paying for a few hours of use is stupid.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This item came in the mail as a replacement for my current one which turns on and off all the time. Not only did this turn on and off the second I bought it, IT STOPPED WORKING IN TEN MINUTES. Do not order this charger, hope this warning helps.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Cord appears brand new. However, it does not charge. Shows the lightning bolt and appears that it's charging, but it does not. I've tried everything. Better off paying full price from the apple store. At least those ones work.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The charger was worthless since it did not charge the iphone 6 plus. In fact, it said it was a foreign object and does not work. It sadden me that I wasted my time and money with this order. Never again. PrilloRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "All three wouldn\u2019t even hold a charge it Does not connect to the Apple computer \ud83d\udcbb as well terrible I\u2019d rather have paid 12 bucks for one Working one ", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "i received the charger I have my original box and I have a new one too . the charger only change once it was really loose on my phone and then it stop working . one time use . not good quality or it was damage .Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "it is a good price but it already coming part  right where it plugs in to the phone", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I bought two of these longer cords and they came in what looks exactly like an apple box and the cords look legit, too, but, upon arrival, only one worked and the other lasted a few weeks. Bummer.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The product is fair.  I just have a little hard time plugging it into  my phone.  But it still works.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "When I first bought this deal of 3 chargers for the price of one I thought that it was pretty great...then later on when I received the items it turned out to be complete trash. The chargers only work for a very short amount of time and I do not recommend this to anyone.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I bought 3 of these OEM iphone cables and within the first 2 weeks I have had 1 just stop working and another the rubber is starting to wear off. My original cable lasted 2 years.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Thought I was getting a good price / deal, but my iPhone 5S says they are NOT MFI Certified. So the cables are basically junk as they will NOT charge my phone.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Bought three not real only buy with box these keep showing up as non compatible throwing away", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Low quality product pertaining to be \"OEM Factory Original\". Not worth the price. You can get low quality cables for much cheaper.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0deal_benefit_se...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This calculator is good for doing very basic things, but it lacks the capability of the 20 dollar basic Casio fx-300ES that I got last year.  The graphing functionality works very well, but only functions work (not relations E.X. 1/(x^2+x+2))It cannot simplify radicals, it has no functionality for solving algebraic equations, so if you are taking Trig and you need it, it is a great choice, but for anything more than that, it is inadequate.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The calculator's screen is extremely unreliable to the point of being unusable. Sometimes the numbers appear, most times they don't, or appear in a highly fragmented fashion. Pretty risky taking this into a testing scenario.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It doesn't work. When I turn it on and only a line pops up for a moment on the bottom part of the screen then it goes blank. I had to buy another one because this one did not work. I tried many different batteries. Still nothing. I'm upset I wasted 20 dollars on a broken product. It's not worth the shipping costs to return it, so that's even more upsetting. I'm VERY dissapointed.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I bought the calculator for my statistics class and I really need to use it a lot, I wasn't expecting a brand new calculator but al least one that ACTUALLY WORKS!...A waste of my money....", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The battery cover was missing and within several days the calculator quite working.  The graphing screen is black with many thin vertical strips.  It can't be used for even the simplest calculation.  It is now worthless.  Moreover, the three books I bought to teach me how to better use the calculator are also worthless to me.Also, the symbols on the bracket keys were worn off when I received. the calculator.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It turned on once and then never again.  I have replaced the main batteries and the back up batteries with high quality brand new batteries.     Rather disappointed.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The post says that it is in great condition but it only worked for the first 5-10 min and then didn't open. At first I thought it was the batteries and that they just died. But I purchased new AAA batteries and put them in and it still didn't workRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I bought this calculator for my calc class and I was thinking that I got a good deal since these calculators are for like 100 dollars then I see this glictchy screen and luckily my school gave me one for FREE.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "There is what appears to be a name written in purple permanent marker on the back of the calculator and carved into the top of the front. It also has a strong smell. Very disappointed   ", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The things had labels and writing all over it, then the ancient thing broke and screen started to spaz out. After trying a million different batteries it still didn\u2019t work. Don\u2019t get.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I bought a calculator si I can use it for my school. But this calculator doesn't work now I have to get a new one. Waste of time and money", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "There is just a black screen. I put in new batteries and there is just a black screen. It doesn't work and tutorials showing how to fix it doesn't work either.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It quit working after one week. Research shows that the software has been corrupted.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "In my opinion I was ripped off. The calculator was broken. It didn't work. He said in the description that it did not work, however I did not read the description because I assumed the product was going to work. I don't see any reason why anyone would buy a broken graphing calculator on purpose, besides someone who made my mistake. neen29 ripped me off and sold me a worthless peace of junk for a quick $15. He has most likely done the same to others I think he put the graphing calculator up for auction cheap assuming some poor unlucky person like me would not read the description and he could make a fast buck.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "whole package is wet the calculator is destroyed total waste of money and I'm a new college student who needs a calculator great.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The calculator constantly shuts off and when it does work the screen has glitches... see the pictures.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Sent me a broken calculator. Changed out the batteries still won't turn on!", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I purchased a TI-83 calculator for $44.50 (total w/shipping) to use for a summer college course of statistics. The calculator worked for exactly 2 weeks and the screen would go black or would just go blank. I thought it might of been dead batteries, so I purchased new ones. Nope... that was not the problem. I ended up having to buy a brand new one at the cost of 95.00. I have learned a very valuable lesson.. buyer beware!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Had to buy this calculator for my son's HS math course.  Apparently TI has teamed up with the book publisher to get their keystrokes into the text.  Five weeks into the school year, the calculator has locked up and won't respond to any of the hints on the support web site.Er, did I say support?  No such thing these days.  Web sites and email, hoping that they take the stinker back and send us a new one.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "While I valued the price, I decided to purchase this calculator in advance before I needed it on my final exam, as I recently put the batteries in, the calculator wouldn\u2019t even come on, VERY inconvenient.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I purchased this calculator in the begining of the semester. Now, it does not work anymore after 2 months.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I need a return label this calculator does not work at all..i bought it for my daughter and when we batteries its not working", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Shortly after receiving the device, I found many functions on the calculator did not work including the graphing option. There also was an odd mark on the screen.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Can use port to download statistical programs", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I was disappointed to receive the calculator and have it not work.  I have tried changing all of the batteries multiple times.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Lasted one semester and then stopped working.  New batteries didn't help,", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Multiple buttons on the calculator did not work, which was not said on the description of the calculator.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This item isn\u2019t as described because this item is broken. The entire screen is shattered and the item downs not even turn on.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Wouldn't suggest buying a calculator from here. I bought one worked only for a day. I returned it, they exchanged it out with another. Second calculator has the same scratches on the back of the calculator as the first one. Told me they tested it. Barely have had it for two week, having the same problems as the first calcultor. Not happy with service.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The screen won't turn on no matter how many times I've tried to reset it. Very disappointed :(", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Worst calculator I've ever had, the number doesn't show on the screen and I recently started college which means I needed it badly, I recommend y'all not to buy it.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Who ships defective merchandise?  They knew the 3 button and the + didn\u2019t work before they shipped it. Do not deal with them. Thieves", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Screen was messed up. Unable to use", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0moniquie2xqu", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Worse purchase ever. It doesn\u2019t work", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I didn\u2019t buy this product", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It's not even working properly\ud83d\ude23", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I purchased this calculator from ktrio730 and it malfunctioned, wouldn't turn off, SLOW response on the buttons, and ktrio730 would not honor a refund or replacement, and the Ebay dispute resolution was a joke!  No protection for someone with 350+ positive feedbacks (zero) nuetral or negative feedbacks!  It's just not right.Had to purchase another calculator for my son, and that one works beautifully.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "First of all there was no batteries in it, so I had to go and buy some.Second, it didn't work right away.  I had to take the battery cover off and move the batteries around making sure they had good connections.Third, it works only half the time.  Doesn't even work in the graph mode.So in other words, I have been duped!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It did not work", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "My product was sent to my broken", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Calculator didn't even work so that sucked", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I initiated a return!! It did Not work.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0calcsdirect", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Didn\u2019t work", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The device does not work.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "When I first got the calculator for my math class it worked fine. After one week the screen display started being messed up and hard to read. Now it as good as junk.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The calculator screen keep going in and out!!!", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Sold me a broken calculator.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Got ripped offDidn't work", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Screen showed nothing but scribble. Didn\u2019t work!", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It stopped working after a week", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I purchased the 83 TI calculator once I recieved it there was a problem with the screen and I had a difficult time turning it on and being able to press the negative button, the ., and the zero button. Now the calculator will not turn on even with new batteries so now it does not work at all and i have to go buy a new TI 83 calculatorRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "things looked good at first glance / general math.  when the instructor started showing us how to use stat function is when I found this calculator has display problems  I cannot read-it's no goodnot in good working conditionRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It was terrible and broken. the screen was cracked and you couldn't use it to do anything. This guy is a cheeter and a liar. Never buy from this guy again. He'll rip you off. He tries to make money and gives you worthless stuff you can't even use.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "First of all it took a month to get and it was not even a TI 83 calculator. It was a normal cheap calculator. I do not recomend this person to anyone I am very unhappy and needed this calculator for school.  Will not ever buy any kind of electronic from ebay again, because the bottom line is I just threw $40 bucks out the window.krfdjeRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Continually shuts off . Replaced all batteries but shuts off while in use, have to remove and replace batteries to get it to restart", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The TI-83 is, in general, a great calculator. The one I bought on eBay from \"dot.com\" was advertised as \"used\" and was in fact damaged. That was my last purchase on eBay.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I sent 2 emails before the bidding closed, I am trying to find my little brother a ti 83+ for his engineering class, funds are limited and i cant waste my money on something we cannot use!!! Description was decieving, and I donot want this item!!!!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Did not love it! I dislike the product because is not what I expected and was not albe to exchange it for what I really want. I decided to buy because the description of the product seem appealing, but unfortunately it was not!Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Turned on but program was not working nor reliable.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "hated it. my old calculator does the same thing, with less buttons. wish it had come with a manual. a scientific calculator does the same thing for me.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I bought the calculator with out reading the fine print. I went back to check after recieving it. It said it works sometimes, but it doesn't work at all. My fault for wasting 40bucks...owell.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "the calculator stopped working on the 2nd week of mild use.I am deeply unhappy. Maybe it was just bad luck.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Wow kinda like the old days with the stereo instructions! The owners manual is 80 tightly packed pages of instructions! only bought it for algebra cause I had to have it for the class....", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I'm very dispointed because the seller told me a jerk, for no reason.This seller needs to be shut down.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "A lot of shill bidding is going on with these fyi.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It worked at first but after a while the calculator won't run on............will never buy from again.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The calculator did not work. When new batteries were installed, also needed software reinstallation.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "very poor quality and very poor service . .They have add in a diffrent way but when the deliever it was totally unsatisfiedI ma not satisfied from this  compny at all", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I would of liked it better if I had read the description and realized I was buying a broken product.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This calculator cost me $80 when I bought it new and it broke after three months. It is a good calculator when it works but that is not a long time.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "IT WAS A BAD BUY AND IT BEING MY VERY FIRST BUY THAT WAS NOT GOOD BUT I WILL TRY ONE MORE TIME IN HOPES THAT I WILL HAVE A BETTER EXPERIENCE", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I dislike everything about this product. It is covered with red ink and was rusty.It only worked for approximately 20 min.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Very disappointed\u2026I bought a calculator and after putting in new batteries the calculator didn't work.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The screen is blank, and it just seems like it doesn't even work!", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The calculator came without its original packaging, has minor wear marks as well as finger use residuals below the on button. I'm sure it will work perfectly however the misrepresentations of NEW vs USED,  even though it saved me a lot of money over a new one, is not cool, because this is a gift and not for personal use and there were cheaper USED calculators for sale elsewhere. Unfortunately I can't put photos in this review, however I did take several documenting the claims. Not Cool!Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "It's a calculator.  It's actually a very expensive calculator.  I like the idea of going into the Dollar Store and buying a calculator for, you know, a dollar. However, with our society's desire for ever increasing test scores, even from those individuals incapable of knowing anything beyond the next \"tweet\" we have the Graphing Calculator.  Why don't districts provide these to students?  Why do we require computer access even for those persons incapable of purchasing even the most mundane system.  Follow the dollar and you'll know.  Everything we do in life is tied to how much income something will generate.  I guess in the long run the TI 83 is an okay tool to complete mindless math computations.  It's much too expensive and too unreliable for other uses, such as figuring waitress tips.  Don't buy unless you absolutely have to. Better yet get a slide ruler and learn how to operate it.  You'll save $149.95.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The product is in rather poor condition. It does work, but barely. It was described as in working condition, which is is but the matrices screen that I use this grapher for is really dark, almost too dark to see. And when you try and use the function that shows \"all solutions\" and darkens the screen it can take a long time of turning the grapher on and off and on again to get the screen to clear. Therefore, you cannot use the grapher until the screen magically decides to finally clear. This is NOT good when you're taking timed tests or doing extensive amounts of homework SMHSo basically like I said this grapher works, but barely.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Worked well and everything, but did not come with batteries and shipping time was very slow. Needed this for a test in 5 biz days and it did not come.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I needed this calculator for my math class at my college. It works great, it did have alot of prior info from the old user so I had to delete all of that, but other than that it works good. I was angry for the reason that it has a black spot on the screen which is always going to be there so I was upset because the picture did not show any damage or say so. It also was very scratched up so there was another thing that surpirsed me.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Well it's a calculator that does work, however I didn't read details closely enough.  In one spot it said the cover was included, but another place on the page said it was not.  Also the condition said used, and I assumed that meant nothing was wront it just wansn't new, I was wrong.  Buttons stick pretty badly... other than that I'd say it was alright.  It functions so I'm not too disappointed.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "It was very well packaged but when I opened it, it was an old thing without a back cover for the batteries. The battery section was so exposed and to top it off there were no batteries", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The calculator arrived early which was nice, but on the case in large white writing it says \"DOESNT WORK\". Obviously I was very perplexed to see that. So far it works but I would not have paid $45 if I knew that it has been written on in permanent white marker...... not happyRead full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The screen messes up. It is unreadable at times and does not do what I ask it to do.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Not worth the money don't buy", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The numbers on my calculator do not type the number they are supposed to type. I don't recommend buying a USED calculator anymore", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "This calculator is not user friendly. It's best suited for students who are proficient with reading instructions. There are other graphic calculators out there that are as powerful, more intuitive to use, and cheaper.I bought as a replacement for the one assigned by the school to my daughter, which was lost or stolen.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0goonies_forever", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0eastcoast_dweebs3", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The condition of the calculator is old with markings in the cover.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The item worked for the first couple of days.  Then, it stopped working altogether. Replacing the batteries did not work.  The screen does not work. It is as thought the machine simply broke. I am quite disconcerted. Having paid so much money, I would have expected for the calculator to work longer than a few days.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "This was a good calculator and served its purpose for my calculus class, but on the graphs that it made there were a couple pixels on the screen that were always black.  So whenever I made graphs there was always this black spot on the screen.  I'm sure it was just overlooked before it shipped.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "As helpful as this calculator is, its outdated and a lot of these calculators don't work. They break easily and malfunction fast, they are slow.The only good part is that battery consumption is minimum, and it allows for a long usage.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "A very detailed calculator. The one I purchased on Ebay didn't come with a manuel, so without the instruction of the Stat teacher, I would have no idea how to work the thing. It seems like most of the functions could be done with an app, but the teacher insisted that we purchase this calculator.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "works fine but deceived me by having two different pictures of calculators which led me to believe that I was going to get the calculator that was the better picture but I got the calculator that was the worse picture.  All scratched up.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I realize that I purchase a used item and it works, but the \"ON\" button doesn't turn it on immediately.  I do have to move the batteries to make it turn on.  Other than that, I have been using it.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The calculator was in complete working order, but it wasn't the one in the picture.  There was sharpie on the slide cover and battery door, and the rubber feet were missing.  I wouldn't have cared if the picture matched the product, but it didn't.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I needed this product for scool and it ended up confusing me more than before I got it. I would have to say that you need a user manual or a cheat sheet to use it.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I received the equipment VERY promptly, but the calculator is inoperable.  It does not work at all.  So, where I would say this should have obviously been handled was in the checking of the equipment to make sure it worked properly.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Calculater is in very bad condition. Screen is not clear at all", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0smichaelmurphy", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "works, but i was not informed of the slight battery corrosion.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "not the real calculator,the free program too, I was stupid to buy that and not working for me either.here go my money to the drain...........", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The zero never worked thought it was sticking.  I would not bye from then again.  If I had known I wouldn't have bought the idem.  It was in working order but with the zero broken I can't use the graphing nor the dec. pointRead full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Do not confuse, this item is not a calculator, it is a manual book. If you have the calculator the manual book will be very useful.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "When I bought TI-83 silver plus edition, the color was sliver.But I got black color TI-83 silver plus edition without printed manual.I was disappointed that.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I like the calculator, but dislike the fact that it didn't have the manual with it. The calculator was in rough condition, also.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The screen is damaged, the case is ugly,(marred marked,and stickered). It did not come with an instruction book. I was not thrilled.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I did not like the calculator.  The product is difective. I brought this calculator for my high school daughter and it is not doing what it needs to.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Its not working", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "This calculator is good for doing very basic things, but it lacks the capability of the 20 dollar basic Casio fx-300ES that I got last year.  The graphing functionality works very well, but only functions work (not relations E.X. 1/(x^2+x+2))It cannot simplify radicals, it has no functionality for solving algebraic equations, so if you are taking Trig and you need it, it is a great choice, but for anything more than that, it is inadequate.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I bought this calculator for a statistics class.The TI 83 calculator works as advertised.  My main complaint is the screen is hard to read.  You have to hold it in your hand or lean over the desk to see the screen. I'm not sure if I have an old version. The screen isn't very bright either.I've never owned another graphing calculator, so I can't campare it to any other product. If another calculator exists with all these features but has a more user friendly screen than I would not buy this one.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I wish the pictures showed that there is a spot on the display (like a see through gray blob).  It is usable so we will keep it but it makes me worry a bit about if this will create a problem down the road.  If I had seen this spot in the pictures I would bit have bought it.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The TI-83 plus is one of the only scientific calculators allowed on college assesment tests which is why I decided to buy it. However, the calculator series is aging and will ultimately be phased out. The availability of applications and training materials does make this a good starter calculator. This type of scientific calculator is good for mathematics and statistics due to the fact that is is programable. Fairly easy to learn and use. You may wish to check out the TI-89 due to increased memory and built in applications while costing only a few dollars more if you look hard enough.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "arrived on timeas advertised it works with no display issuethe picture is of a brand new calculatorthis is an obviously used and kind of dirty/greasey feeling with scratched out old serial number from whomever used it previouslyRead full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The product itself is what I expected, however the LED display is partially out. Therefore, I'm only seeing part of my solution when entering certain equations. I'm disappointed in that respect.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "A few buttons do not work and it goes through a name brand set of batteries every 10-14 days. I would have rather bought one new.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0brokenbargains", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Luckily I purchased the warranty. It worked well when it was working. But, an inconvenience to my son who now needs to explain to his teacher why he can\u2019t follow along.   Better luck next time", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I would recommend the Ti-89 over the Ti-83 (see other review) any day of the week, unless you're a student in Algebra II, Calculus, or Trig (since no sane teacher would allow the use of an 89). While the Ti-83 is certainly able to do more than basic functions, the poor screen resolution and lack of a real problem solver (not to mention its inability to do calc functions) makes this not worth the money. Go with the bad boy 89!Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Screen slightly damaged. Nothing too distracting. Battery cover secured by tape. Calculator was pretty dirty upon arrival. Had to clean it up a bit.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "If you can get pass the smoke smell then the product is as stated. Horrible smoke smell", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I purchased the product for my daughter who is in High School. It did not work. when activated, the cursor froze. I understood that when you make a purchase through E-bay, that the item was purchased 'as-is', no refunds.So I used my 'Tinkering' abilities, opened her up, and found corrosion on the Circuit Board. It works now, with the exception of the bottom two rows of keys. Still tinkering.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0sarahbeckwar0", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Worked great considering I bought it used.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I purchased a refurbished TI-83. After about a month it stopped working. I've used the same calculator in the past and not had any troubles. It's easy to use and can do everything I need it to do in my college math classes.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "No problem with the calculator. I used it a lot in my math class.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "the calculator works well. though my dislikes are the color was not what i was looking for plus there was no directions that came with the calculator. the price that i bin the directions should at have been included with the calculator. I could have gotten the ti-83 plus at stample for almost the same price if i have known that the time i needed the calculator they were on sale i would have bought it somewhere else. though the calculator is efficient and does work appropiately.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The screen was blemished and scratched, which was not shown in the photo.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "There the no back side to close the battery", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0tiptop-trade", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Nice for price but stop working.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "i hate how expensive it is...... i find it hard to believe after all these years ( i have a 30 yr old daughter) that i am still having to pay $100 retail for this thing when every other single thing that is remotely technological has dropped in price....... TI keeps it high cause it is a must have at the high school level math class.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The TI-83 is good for most math. I have used it for about 4 years now. It is great for graphing functions and polar equations. Overall it is a good calculator. The only flaw that I can see is that it can't do a lot of math required for calculus equations.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It is good, but there is something wrong with the screen. Is not a full screen. However it works great. My only concern is the screen.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Don\u2019t understand why it\u2019s so expensive ", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Able to perform needed calculations for pre-algebra and algebra 1.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Calculator heavily used.  Scrathes on screen", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Unfortunately, the TI-38 stopped working about one week after I received it.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It's ok", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It works well for statistics, because the school text includes references to this particular model.  What I have not liked about the TI-83 are the number of steps required to use certain functions, such as n! or \"factorial.\"  This becomes tedious when there are several numbers in an equation to solve this way.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It's a required calculator for a statistics class, and I will probably never use it again in my life.  But it works fine, I guess. Statistics in the work place are carried out on computers.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I bought 6 calculators and as described, they were damaged or broken. I bought them hoping I could find someone to repair them and use them at my place of employment. I was able to use one of the calculators that had a mark on the screen but have been unable to locate a repair person for the remaining 5 calculators.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I have more choice to buy with my small pocket. It is a used one, no cover, 2 black dots on the screen but still good functioning. I mean it is a fair deal.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "i feel the ti-83 plus graphic calculator is not bad for using, just looks a little old. i bought it cost $60,i think that was little expensive for second hand product. why did i decide to buy it?  that is a nice question.  i bought it because i need use it that was why i bought it.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Would not have bought if not required by the school for my children.  Texas Instruments has an app that will do all the same functions for $3.99.  Nope, I had to buy 3 of these damn things for my kids because of over-educated bureaucrats.  \"Common sense is a flower that does not grow in everybody's garden\"Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Bought the calculator and it lasted 3 weeks into the semester. It is completely dead. I have tried to change batteries but that was not the issue. I had to purchase a new calculator after spending $$ on this one. I am very disappointed to say the least.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I like the calculator and i used it a lot when i was in high school. Come in handle. You can even add games in it. Petty useful. To bad i don't used it anymore.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The price was great!! works fine. For the price you cant beat it.  I would have had to spend at least $100.00 for a new one that the kids would only use one year.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "nice for the money", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I don't really know what to say other than my daughter needs one for a Science/Math camp.  This was the most reasonably priced one that I could find considering that they retailed for $120 to $ 140.  It was new in the package and she hasn't gotten a chance to use it yet.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Would be nice to have a user guide for this calculator. Unit is in good shape and works well. My daughter is the one using this product and she needs it for college. She is learning to use this as she goes.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I need this for my high school math class.It works great, but it really looks like the used calc.But overall, great.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It is a little more \"used\" then indicated, more then I care for,  and it is older then I would have wanted.  FYI, you can find the \"copywright\" date under the battery cover.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Happy with it works well it was needed in math class dont think anyone in my class has a better one and if they do they paid alot more then i did", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Product arrived missing a battery cover.Good thing I had one I was replacing.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Bought this product for my son just starting college, it's a very good product have had no problem with it and in great condition, there's no difference besides the price from others products", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "My first review was unfavorable due to receiving a calculator that didn't work.  However, the owner had me send it back to him and then later refunded my purchase.  I am grateful but will still be cautious of purchases in the future.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I was happy about the price for this calculator. Buying this calculator brand new it would of cost me over $100 so the price was one I couldn't pass. And I am needing this calculator for school, for those reasons I bought it.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "good calculator used for calculus. i like how it has applications in it which you can store things such as the periodic table and some games and other things. Graphs faster then the regulat TI-83", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I konw is used, but I to dirty, I knew I was bidding on a used item, but please, take some time cleaning what you selling a list a little bit, it helps, believe me.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "in the description, it stated that there were \"some scratches\" on the item from daughter carrying in backpack. But when i got the item, there are two names carved into the calculator. The function is fine but it wasn't stated precisely enough. and he didn't leave me feedbackRead full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The calculator works great overall. Although the metal on interior backside looks dented. I don't know if it is supposed to be this way.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "it was good one thanksi would  recomand it to my fiend mydaughter like it.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I can say that this calculator works just fine. It is just a bit outdated. I have to buy a new adapter. but all in all it is just fine", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "it works good but its doenst look to good for what I paid for I could have the same one for less money but it  I got it ontime", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It works thats the good part but I could really see how used it was it bothers me some for how much I paid for it but o well..", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It is old and can't update with new program. I bought it for high school math. but it couldn't update with the program my teacher used.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I bought the texas Instrument 83 for my niece and she is using it for her math classes in school. She thinks it is fine and she loved the color.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "This calculator is really good. But their is a big 57 number mark on the calculator. This calculator hos no starch marks but their is a big white smear in which i have to take off.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "More beat up than I expected,but works fine.The cd that came with it was nice as well that gives a good explanation of how to use it.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "the calculator works, but did not have a battery cover or the cover for the whole unit.  That doesn't really matter to me though, nothing a little duct tape can't fix.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The rubber pads on the outside were gone and it was also moderately scratched. The screen had some black marks around the outside.Good for the money though.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "it was a really good deal, already used but cant complain. i really needed a calculator for school and this deal was too much to pass up.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I purchased this for my teenaged son attending high  school.  I can't give a reasonable review other than to say that it is functional and seems to work properly.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The TI-83 calculator would have been a good purchase had there been an instruction booklet.  I couldn't figure out how to use it.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The engravings should have been taken off of the previous owner's name.  Also, the calculator I received is a regular 83 and not a 83 Plus.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "it is for my wife for school she seems to like it so i guess it works really well.thats all I have to say about that. thank you very much.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It's ok, sometimes I can't read on the screen what it is saying but it works ok for what I need it to do in my class.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I bought the calculator and gave it to a child that was in need-I also buy shoes, coats, etc. and give to the ones in need-Thats all.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Great Product very helpful in saving college students tons of money. the only thing i dislike abot the product is the clear case, i perfer the all blakc case more", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "This was for my son and his high school math. He says it's perfect and does exactly what he needs to Get his work accomplished", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "My daugter needed it for school in a math class because it was recommended my the teacher to all the students taking this particular class", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Item is in good working condition and in decent overall condition.  worth what was paid for it for sure", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I WAS NOT AWARE THAT THE INSTRUMENT WAS BROKEN ( I DID NOT SEE THE INFORMATION THAT IT WAS BROKEN) MY MISTAKE i GUESSa", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "L'arcticle a ete livr\u00e9 rapidement, emballage deja ouvert, manquait CdLe vendeur a envoye rapidement le Cd j ai essaye la calculatrice  elle ne fonctionne pas j ai changer les batterie ne fonction pas plus.J ai payer 94$ pour un artcicle non fontionnel. J'ai ecris au vendeur j attend reponse. j espere que ca n ira pas plus loin. Le vendeur semble avoir bonne volont\u00e9 on verra la suiteRead full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Overpriced and offering fewer capabilities than any modern calculator should be allowed to. It's unfortunate so many classrooms mandate its use. If you don't need this specific one, buy a competitor's product, and get the same features at half the price. If you do need it, buy it used on ebay!Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I bought the Powerbeats3 after losing my Powerbeats2 mainly because of the longer battery life. My first impression on the sound is it's very muffled and not very clear. Even after changing out the in ear piece to a smaller set, the sound got a little better but still muffled. Now the part that irritates me is the whole reason I bought these was for the battery life. After 2 weeks, I worked out for 2 or 3 days, using the headphones, collectively about 4-4.5 hours of use. Each week, the batter was dead and needed to be recharged. I have made sure I turn the head phones off after use but the issue is still happening. I just need to recharge every 2 days to make sure I have a full charge to use. Finally, the case that the ear phones go into. It is so small! I loved the old case in the 2's, plenty of room and they zipped up. The 3's case is smaller, silicone, and doesn't zip up. There is just an opening at the top and you can barely fit the head phones in there. Overall, I would say they're just okay, but I bought them at a low price, and they get the job done for what I need them for.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Worked fine the first day after having a lot of trouble with the Bluetooth connection issues. Since Day two the headphones never showed up on any of my 4 devices to connect:1. Apple Ipod Touch 5th Generation2. Windows 10 Laptop3. Windows 8.1 Laptop4. Lumia 1520 (Windows 10)I contacted the apple customer care, and they raised a service request. Hopefully I can get them repaired. The service from Apple is free of cost as the device was still under warranty.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They sound good, relatively comfortable. BUT!!!!, for what they last me PRICEY, NOT SWEAT RESISTANT AT ALL!!!!, problem charging, problem with the connectivity and the list goes on.I really take extremely care of my possessions and trust me if this are already damage is because it came with a defect or simply are one of the worst Beats by Dre/ Apple products they ever made.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The left ear is louder than the right and the box was no properly sealed at the bottom. These.. I\u2019m assuming are refurbished because they don\u2019t appear worn but are definitely not brand new. I am extremely disappointedRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I didn\u2019t look at previous reviews before placing an order.  I ordered 12/19 and still message says waiting to be shipped! Of course my money was taken the day I ordered. This person is a scammer. Waiting for solution from eBay. Ebay needs to ban this personRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The headset was \"open box\" which means it has been previously returned by a customer. The ear buds sound horrible! When talking it sounds like you'r in a deep tunnel talking through a pillow. The person on the other end can't make out your words.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I got these as a gift for my boyfriend for Christmas thinking it was a great deal! After 1 use the headphones wouldn\u2019t turn on even after being charged. They are suppose to be refurbished so how to you doc something that\u2019s already suppose to be fixed? Don\u2019t waste your money on these, just spend the extra $50/60.00, and buy the real thing.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Had less than an hour and the ear piece snapped. Warranty does nothing to fix it and I'm out a hundred dollars without using once. Stay away from beats products, even the geek squad at best buy says they are crap and overpriced.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Worked well for the first 1/2 hr. Then unfortunately  they only stayed connected for a few minutes then would drop connection.  After 2 days of multiple attempts to keep connected I had to return them. They did fit well around and in ear.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I'm so sorry because I don't use to leave feedback but I was so excited when they arrived but the next they a tried them on and between the sound quality and the battery life made me feel sooooo disappointed... I'm sorry but it was not a good option for me, i bought the apple EarPods and now I'm more than happy... that's a really good product guys (I own an iPhone)Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Upsetting that I just sent my daughter what I thought was a brand new pair and she hooks it up and it says Seth very misleading in your ad", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "DO NOT BUY THESE they are listed as real but they are fake. Absolute scam. I got sold 65$ BS earbuds. Nothing on the box says beats, the volume control isn\u2019t the regular beats, and they feel like a cheap plastic.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "These must be a really nice pair of bootlegged Beatswireless the sound quality is disgusting compared to the original ones i bought  at BestBuy. Mine even came with some kind of glue resin still on them I'm assuming from the place that they are being made. Bass sounds as if the speakers were busted and the voice sounds so muddy.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Purchased as a gift for my daughter.  She was unhappy with the wireless connection and battery life.  I contacted Apple to have service performed.  After providing the serial number, I was advised they were not covered by warranty because they were refurbished, not new as advertised.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It doesn\u2019t worth the amount of money I paid for. The sound quality is same as any earphone in the market under price of 10 dollars. All I can day, this is a Piece of cheap junk.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I had no idea that they were knock-offs. I have an authentic pair of powerbeats 3 and they would d way better than the the imitation ones. The cable feels like plastic, real beats don't say powerbeats 3 on them.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The main issue is that the Bluetooth will not stay connected, and the battery does not last long at all. Much better products for a much lower price are out there.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They came in worked fine when we first used them but now it won\u2019t even charge which means they sent me some bad power beats we have charged it and checked it and charged it and checked it repeatedly so I\u2019m not happy with what they have sent meRead full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The sound quality is hard to appreciate because the way it was built, I\u2019m looking for another set of ear pads, may be that it will help", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Product worked ok for first week, just a few days ago battery went dead, and now won't charge at all. Guess that's what happens when you buy off people online. You just never know what you will end up with after receiving product.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I would like a new pair sent to me, This is not what I signed up for. The ad said new, and the second I put them on the headphones fell apart.Please send me a new one ASAP.;", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This product was listed as \u201cnew\u201d it was anything but new! Package had something spilled on it, several missing parts and were clearly used! NOT what was listed ", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "My $20 Dollar headset was more impressive than these.kept having to re pair over and over.sound quality was tinny.not worth the money i spent.goes to show you dont always get what you paid for.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Unfortunately after a few days it stopped working completely. Fully charged, check. Paired, check. No sound, no lights, no action", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "this headphones dont hold a charge and the sound is very low I have another grey pair and mines sounds better looking to get refunded these are bogus", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They originally worked great, but 2 weeks later one of the sides started having really loud pops and static noise and now doesn\u2019t work at all. Look elsewhere for headphones, these are not worth the price. Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "supposed to ha e been new....opened box and parts missing and not powerbeats 3!! very disappointed!!", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They Said Used For A Week But The Right Head Phone Barely Made Sound And The Wire That Lets It Bend Around The Eat Was Poking Out", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0randcoutletstore", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The earbuds are in real good condition but they are worthless can't talk because the person I am talking to can't heard me.So I have to take them off", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "After using it for 1 month (only a couple times a week at the gym)  they stopped working, they brag about being sweat proof but I guess they're not.  Very disappointed", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Since the first moment I paired it with my phone and computer the headphones have been terrible. It loses connection about every 30 seconds or cuts in and out.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Hurts the ears shortly after wearing, wrap around ear is flexible but will pinch the ear, not great sound- expected more for the price", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Starte failing ater 2 months. Contro rarely works and very often it just shuts off and cannot get it back to work. Avoid it if possible.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The headphone has broken already. It Will was falling apart and almost broken when I received it.It is now broken.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Not a good product in my opinion.  The music skipped repeatedly and the song interruptions were terribly annoying.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This headset has just been completely junk. I fully charged them and when I tried to use them they only last 2-3 hours. I\u2019m highly displeased.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Wow I got took", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They cut out when you turn your head or even move. They are worse then the powerbeats 2. Find other option.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I have had these for less then 2 weeks and they already don\u2019t charge. Trying to get a hold of them to see if they will resolve this issue", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I just received this product and worked fine but 2 days ago it just stopped working it doesn't turn on.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This headset never even accepted a charge. Defective right out of the box. This was a new, not refurbished, item in a sealed box. I expected better.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I've only had them for a month and half and the ear hook broke off", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The audio is no where near as loud as the right side.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "When I received the item there was a dent on the top of the device and the power button was not usable.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Would not recommend. Product has a high probability of being defective and not working at all.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I couldn\u2019t connect to my phone or charge it from the time I opened it", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They quit charging after the first charge won\u2019t even turn on", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It had problem after one week when I buy..cause had phone call and income call the other party can\u2019t hear...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The only thing it would do was charge it never turned on", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I charged the battery fully and it died in less than 12 hours and now it doesn't hold a charge at all.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I bought last month this item and I used rarely. Now it is not working. Very disappointed", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "No good", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Powerbeats arrived inoperable and now I have to hope that the Beats Warranty will cover the repair once I ship them back to manufacturer. Unhappy with the purchase.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They don't hold the charge or don't work.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0sportscentral1", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0thesalesdepot1", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The sound has no bass and sounds very tiney", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Nothing came with this. No other earbuds...no charge cord....no vase.Preowned is crap!!!!", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Will not charge or turn on.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Product was sold as being New, box had been opened and product had been handled.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I got two of them and both were broken", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Not good at all", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Sound is very low on the device. You can barely hear it.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "good product and price", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Only used twice and stopped working", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "bluetooth keep cutting out and the volume control came apart", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "My Powerbeats 2 were way better, sound cuts in and out.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Sound breaks up, not good", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "i was excited to get these, but when i hooked them up, only 1 side worked. Very frustrated from this.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They did not work when I received them.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I opened it when I got home from school they were broken worked really hard for that money", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It was shipped broken, Apple was gonna charge me $100 on top just to change the battery of the Powerbeats 3", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They don't work. The first in and out. ", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0liquidation_uni...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "It stop working after I used it twice...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Didn\u2019t like it at allHate it", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0sportscentral1", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "\ud83d\udd95\ud83c\udffb\ud83d\udd95\ud83c\udffb\ud83e\udd22\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They were returned as they did not function properly...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "They no longer charge", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Not received on time", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "There was no sound waiting on refund \ud83d\ude0a", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Really bad  i buy something broken , and they saif was like new", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "There is a lot of static", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Waisted time and money won't pair with bluetooth", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Could not pair with my phone", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0thestylelobby", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "This product is complete trash. It says Powerbeats 3 but really it\u2019s the original Powerbeats 1 and the range is trash. When I put it in my pocket it\u2019s out of range. Would not recommend at all", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "SOLD ME A BROKEN ITEM", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "bad quality", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "The bass is bad", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Unfortunately these are counterfeit.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Good sound, but microphone doesn't catch your voice easily and there's no noise cancelation", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Bad business selling refurbished powerbeats 3 with broken ear hooks and saying everything work.", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Tengo una semana us\u00e1ndolo y de Repente la carga se fue, como si estuviera muerto, adem\u00e1s la se\u00f1al se corta cuando est\u00e1 reproduciendo m\u00fasica peor de se\u00f1al con el tel\u00e9fono. Y para completar el control se disloc\u00f3, donde sube baja y d\u00f3nde debe bajar es lo contrario un desastre.Read full review...", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0dealsandbeyond2k18", "rating": "1"}, {"text": "I've read many reviews on how great these are for using at the gym. I've had a different experience. I love the range of the bluetooth and the sound quality is pretty good. However if you plan on actually sweating I WOULD NOT buy these. They are notorious for failing and it's because the water/sweat seeps through the cracks and gets to the battery in the right earpiece. Since I bought them used I had no warranty. I had to replace the battery which requires some soldering and sealed it with silicon to prevent this from happening again.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I thought I would give a shot to beats instead of my usual LG HBS series , found out it was a mistake real quick. Build quality and comfort is horrible,  battery life is not what it says on the box (13 hrs) , the WORST of the problems is connectivity,  disconnects randomly...if you move away from the phone wont automatically reconnect.Went online and I was not the only one with these problems on Beats wireless 3 .... So hopefully this helps someone Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Decent Sound \ud83c\udfbc Good for doing just about anything and tuning out at the same time for a short period of time. I have tried the three different buds that come with it and have the same problem with all; they become too painful to enjoy after less than an hour. I've been told that my ears are nothing but average in size. I'll be looking to replace these right away \ud83d\ude2bRead full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I'm a runner and bought these strictly for exercising. While they sound great when properly seated, even a basic 2 mile run dislodges them from my ears. I've tried every combination of the included rubber surrounds, to no avail. Really bummed out over this...Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "In the information said it going to be black color but I have get light green color wich I dont like and don't spect to recibe that color", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The main purpose I bought this item was to use it as I ride my motorcycle, but after 4 to 5 hours of use the battery is dead.Sound quality wise and lightweight is acceptable.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I heard so much about the beats headphones I thought I would try them, sadly I was disappointed. Normally I wear bose headphones which in my opinion are far better sound quality. They may not be quite as convenient to carry around but are well worth it.Also no matter what device I hook the beats up to the sound skips and crackles.Al.Read full review...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "These beats were way too big for my ears and the sound quality was honesty awful! I previously owned a pair of older wireless beats and those worked much better than these.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Not sure if it\u2019s real beat headphones compared with the box from Best Buy it doesn\u2019t match n the verbiage on back of the box is different.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "These headphones do not have 12hr battery life. I would like to send them back and receive a pair that have great battery life like it says 12 hours cause these die very quickly", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Just 2 feet away and the sound cuts in and outI\u2019m not happy about that I can\u2019t use it to work out and that\u2019s why I got them in the first please...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Quite a bit of defects unless it shuts down when it\u2019s too loud. Needs to be charged after use or it won\u2019t turn on. Doesn\u2019t connect to bluetooth well either.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "When listening to the new Powerbeats III headset I fully expected to hear the quality sound that the Powerbeats II had. Unfortunately the Powerbeats III did not have any bass at all and sounded tinny.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Sadly I love these headphones. But after using them daily on my Peloton and occasional outdoor runs, they no longer will charge. How depressing!", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Hello..the beats only worked one time and after that they didnt  charge nomore .  Took long to write because it was a Christmas gift ..", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Used these for about a week and now the headphones are inoperative.  Started with headphones coming unpaired while listening to music.  Now won't pair at all.  Sending back for warranty repair.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "It's basically a name. It doesn't block noise, it's uncomfortable around the ears and the sound is okay at best.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Ability to connect/ pair up to wife's computer.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0societyhillloan", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "The Powerbeats works but the volume does not very high. It seems to be fixed", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Upon receiving the Beats I could notice they were smoke damaged. I\u2019m working to rid the smell, but that should\u2019ve been disclosed. To be honest, I\u2019m pretty disappointed.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Sounds are ok.. Thought it was going to be better.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "They have a tendency to turn off by themselves, even if they are fully charged  and the ear hook fell of after a week.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Didn't fit well. Uncomfortable. Bulky around ears.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Well mine stopped working correctly yesterday. Will no longer pause or skip songs!!", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0dcwholesaledeals", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "One week with them and now they don\u2019t turn on, guess I picked the wrong one.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Would\u2019ve been nice to know that the play button wasn\u2019t working ; be more descriptive", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "It broked down and I need to return", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "After less than 1 month of having them they stopped working and charging", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Wouldn't work. Would not sync to any phone we tried", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0god.is.our.creator", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Not the same sound quality as the beats I know.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0ultimate_us_ele...", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I got mine and the sound in the left side is way lower than the right side i had another pair of 3s before these and  they were way better than these ones", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "volume too low.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "Doesn't fit right and you can't skip tracks with it. Super disappointed. I'm going to have to forget about Dre.", "rating": "2"}, {"text": "I bought the Powerbeats3 after losing my Powerbeats2 mainly because of the longer battery life. My first impression on the sound is it's very muffled and not very clear. Even after changing out the in ear piece to a smaller set, the sound got a little better but still muffled. Now the part that irritates me is the whole reason I bought these was for the battery life. After 2 weeks, I worked out for 2 or 3 days, using the headphones, collectively about 4-4.5 hours of use. Each week, the batter was dead and needed to be recharged. I have made sure I turn the head phones off after use but the issue is still happening. I just need to recharge every 2 days to make sure I have a full charge to use. Finally, the case that the ear phones go into. It is so small! I loved the old case in the 2's, plenty of room and they zipped up. The 3's case is smaller, silicone, and doesn't zip up. There is just an opening at the top and you can barely fit the head phones in there. Overall, I would say they're just okay, but I bought them at a low price, and they get the job done for what I need them for.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I did a lot of research on this before I purchased this item. I do a lot of running and workouts in the gym, so I needed something that I felt would stay around me ears the whole time, but my left ear side, the hook keeps slipping off. I adjusted the ear inserts hoping that would solve the problem, but it just keeps coming off....even when I am jogging. This does not make sense how the could slide off my ear when the have the ear hook, but it does and just on my left ear. Other than that, they have always connected well to my phone and computer, they are fairly comfortable, and the sound is good. I would say that my Raycon Earbuds are better in sound and comfort, but they don't stay put either when I workout.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Great battery life.Not comfortable for long use.Sound quality could be better compared to high end headphone (Sony MDR100)Good build quality.Comes with a case.Does sit firmly on the ear.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Sound is okay, nothing special. The Bluetooth seems a little sensitive and needs to stay pretty close range. When running with phone in the pocket, here and there you get some break up. It also isn't the easier thing to skip forward to a song...I wouldn't even dare trying to go back with 3 clicks.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Not too bad for what you pay. Quality is decent - THE TINY PIECE ON THE END THE TIGHTENS THE EARBUDS IS NOT INCLUDED. Other than that I was happy with the product.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0gadgetliquidator", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "They are not comfortable to wear, and sound in general, but have not had any connection issues.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "They are used headphones but with everything in box. When I was configuring it it appeared another name like it had another owner and also the battery life of the headphones is really short. Good price but it has his flaws.Read full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I wear the Beats during my workout; however, after 20+ minutes, the ear wrap hurts my ears.  I've tried to adjust them, but they still don't feel good. ", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The Beats headphones seem well designed and constructed.  However, the Bass is just not there.  My stock iPhone earbuds seem to have much richer sound.  Disappointed!", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Had them for a few weeks now and they do not automatically connect consistently with my phone. Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. I do not use them for the gym as I hear they are sensitive to sweat and other moistureRead full review...", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Not very loud. Music is crisp and clear but lacks the bass to make it full sounding.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "They weren\u2019t brand new they had tiny scuffs on them but over all they look new", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Pretty sure that if they were authentic they wouldn't sync with a Chinese name and symbols. Sound is decent but not great. ", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "I\u2019ve never used these before and am not impressed with the sound quality, not sure if the sound isn\u2019t good because these were refurbished.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Great headphones but cannot enjoy them because the ear hoops are of different shapes and sizes for some odd reason. Very uncomfortable at all times when worn.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "i have a $17 ear phones, with way better sound. But wireless distance and battery life are awsone.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Said open box, never been used.  But they are named Mujabi beats 3. So they have been used before. Work fine. But would appreciate honesty", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Charger doesn't came whit the beats so how can I charge it ? I saw the picture whit the charger but does not came", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "They don\u2019t have the best dynamic range but if you want bass then these are for you.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "They work perfect and everything came with them, but there were minor for scratches and the ear pieces had wax in them, very disgusting. But besides that the headphones work great.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Didn't come in a beat box for packaging which was disappointing but every thing else is great", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "They stopped turning on in a week's time... loved them while they worked", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The headphone\u2019s ear hooks are too big for my ears...and my microphone is barely heard by my callers.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It said open box. Didn't realize it would not come with everything it is suppose to come with like carrying case and instructions. Disappointed for sure.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It\u2019s my first time to open the ebuy and by mistake I write my price before looking to the details because I don\u2019t want to have a used headphone", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Great product however the earhook with only 2days of use\ud83d\ude41", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Great sound quality. Great battery life. Great look.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "This product did not work on my Galaxy android phone. ", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Hard to make volume loud because they don\u2019t fit in to your ear as good as earbuds do.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Sound is good enough but uncomfortable to wearing it.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0sportscentral1", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Not a good sound microphone doesnt work", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Headphones sound great but i noticed they weren\u2019t brand new when i opened them (rip box, poor packaging, etc.).", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "If you\u2019re looking for new wireless headphone, stick with the PowerBeats2", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "It doesnt feel similar to the original", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Great beats but they were not in any box and they seemed used.", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The work as expected but the battery does not last not even an hour", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "They are not the best by beats", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0sportscentral1", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "  A small piece broke after the first week", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0compaqparts", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "They aight!!!", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Est\u00e1 ok ", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "Good", "rating": "3"}, {"text": "The camera is small, ready to go all the time, easy to use all the time, can be used everywhere with no preparations - just click. Dry or wet. Video quality is great, not 4K but great. battery life is surprisingly long. Wifi connection to smartphone with preview is great and application allows you change camera setting with no fuss.About the rest of the gear - not Go Pro original of course thus lower quality but in my opinion good return for the money. Don;t see why pay so much money to Go Pro gear when this gear is good enough. Head, arm straps are great - use it in the swimming pool to video  my family with no problems at all.I will probably buy again in the future with no worriesRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Hero4 is an excellant action camera.  At this point though, the Hero5 may be a much better solution considering that the 5 lists for $100 less than the 4 did.  The Hero5 has a bit of image stabilazation which is something that I had thought was a shortfall of the GoPro cameras in general since the first one hit the market.  Good thing though, the GoPro4 should drop dramatically in price, it's still an excellant camera, and since we use them without the GoPro factory case, we can't move to the GoPro5 regardless for our skydiving hand cam glove operation.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I had a hard time figuring this out when I first got it. There's 2 buttons/switches on the sides of this device and figuring out what does what is confusing and I'm then guy everyone else goes to for help with technology, so for me to be confused is saying something. The images are clear, but I used it on my motorcycle and the horizon is anything but flat, it's definitely very curved, but other than that I have no complaints about image quality. I took some underwater videos in a swimming pool and the camera is very much water tight and takes nice clear videos underwater also.  I had a lot of problems getting it to import the videos to my PC when I got it and after a call to their tech support we figured out I had a defective video/USB cord. I used the one for my cell phone and all was well, but I was extremely frustrated there for a while. All in all I'm happy with my purchase.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "For what I do with it this refurbished camera works fine. The bundle had plenty of mounts and accessories. The battery that came with it didn't have much of a life after a full charge so I'm guessing it wasn't new but I don't know that for sure. It also did not come with a micro sd card and I don't remember seeing that in the description so I had to purchase one. With the waterproof case, the internal microphone is basically useless so I ordered a skeleton case and lavalier microphone to go along with it. All in all, it is a good camera for a good price. The Hero 4 Silver, although not the latest GoPro still produces good image quality and plenty of recording options. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is the added expense of an sd card and since I don't plan on underwater filming in West Texas, buying additional cases to allow audio to be recorded.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Thank God for Refurbished items (no matter what the manufacturer).The GoPro Hero 4 gives you an incredibly small video camera that can be used out in the wild with many different adapters (which I got from China for a total of $16) that allow you to mount the GoPro on your chest, head, car windshield. on a floating hand-stabilizer, on a sticky pad which can be placed on any flat surface, on a clip which clips on webbing, on a wrist strap, etc.The quality of the video is MP4; so is very high quality.It is in no way a camera, I would say. Get a camera to do that. But, if you want to videotape long sequences of hiking through wilderness, or leaping from an airplane, or scubadiving, etc. then the GoPro is the one for you.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Extremely easy to use and provides very high quality photos and videos. The videos I post to YouTube are always HD quality if I'm using this camera.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Solid unit and pictures are amazing quality!  My son ran into a mounted unit on a long board with another long board.  Damaged the front of the board but not the camera, amazing! Only wish it had a replaceable battery so you can have backups.  With Continuous use it lasts a couple of hours which is not bad.  Blinq  had the best price on the Web so I bought two, one for each of my boys.  They took them on a ski trip this week and looking forward to seeing the footage.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I have a really cheap knockoff version of the GoPro and it does almost everything I want it to do.  But it doesn't do it as well as this little honey.  The Hero4 Session is smaller, takes better pictures, better looking movies, has better audio, and is already waterproof right out of the box.  I don't like how most of the features are only accessible through the app, but that is a quibble for how good this little box works.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "So far I love it It is easy to use Simple But it is hard to see the small screen. I understand the new ones have a bigger screen. My problem is I don't always were my glasses, It's a good recorder for action I run it on the front of my race car works great.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "The GoPro Hero4 Silver is a top notch POV camera.  Quality product, exceptional video output, and very straight forward ease of use.  The integrated touch screen viewer on back makes it the ideal video camera for the majority of users.  The items included in the package are all of the most important accessories that you would want for this camera.  Everything is great quality, with 2 exceptions.  The Opteka LED Video Light and the Xit Photo Travel Charger are not very high quality products.  They both work, but the materials and production of these two items leave much to be desired.  The LED light is flimsy and I had to do some fiddling with the battery connections and on/off switch to get it to work.  The Xit Travel Charger is also not the best quality and the battery does not fit snugly into it while charging, so it must be kept in a horizontal position (not plugged into a wall) or the battery falls out.  This does not make for a reliable connection while recharging.  Other than those two accessories, I would highly recommend this package.  The GoPro is amazing and the kit will give you everything you need to get up and running.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I think the image quality is good but could be better knowing GoPro is capable of this. The light sensor is not good in shaded or darker areas.If the image quality was better I would give it a perfect review.The price now at $199.99 is what got my attention. I would not have bought this camera at $400 when it first came out.I think the perfect price would be $159 based on performance.I purchased (4) and I intend to use them for my band to have close up shots. I think they should work great for that purpose.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "For a HERO 4 this is a nice kit.Positives:      Size, kit gives you any configuration possible, waterproof housing is great, like the float attachment for boating or surfing. Has All the mounting attachments you should ever need...Negatives:  Did not come with a MicroSD card so I could not use it immediately , No Camera instruction Manual, had to find it online and print it out, Just a bunch of accessories thrown in a case with no instructions on how they are usedRead full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Brought my GoPro with me to Thailand. It's very light and easy to pack. However, all of the pieces do not fit in the case. I used it for zip lining, white water rafting, and plan to use it for parasailing. The battery does die quick if you're recording. I carry a portable battery pack with me just incase. It was worth every penny. I highly recommend it! Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Although the lens was scratched, the image quality was not too bad. After replacing the lens, the image quality is almost perfect. The body was in better shape than I expected with a few smallish scratches. The lens replacement went very smoothly. I encountered no problems with the replacement. Other than the problem with the lens (which was addressed in the description prior to the purchase), the camera functions perfectly.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I bought the H5Session to use on the wingtip of my airplane for aerial videos and time lapse stills.  The WiFi link and Capture app work great and I love that I can power the camera down. while maintaining WiFi and power it up when I get to scenery I want to shoot, which makes the battery last longer. The stabilization seems to work well and I really like having Linear mode, eliminating most of the fisheye.  The small size of the H5S is aerodynamically well suited for use on airplanes, minimizing drag and vibration.  I'm very happy with the purchase.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I already had a Hero 4 black and just wanted to get another GoPro for supplemental use and didn't want to buy another black edition. The 4 silver works just fine, the built in LCD, while not as big as the LCD bac pac, is a nice touch, and it's good it can still use the extended battery bac pac. Video is what I expected and I have plenty of existing batteries for it.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The product is very good and give high quality images and videos. Very handy to use. The only problem I have had so far is that it is not updating through the App on my android. Otherwise its the most reasonably priced good quality sports cam.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "This is my 2nd Hero4 Silver.  I bought this one as a hot spare when my original one started misbehaving after many years of diving, snorkeling & kayaking.  I have extra cases, external strobe & lens filters all for this model, so I decided to stick with it rather than going with one of the newer ones.  Mine has taken great video & stills over the years.  It was hard to believe this little thing could replace my much larger underwater rig, but after some getting used to it I've got it figured out.  It is so much easier to travel with & deal with on a dive boat.  Lots of accessories available for them as well.  Just make sure it is for this model.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great little camera! Takes amazing photos! Very easy to use! Waterproof! Lots of great accessories you can purchase for all you activities! Love it \u2764\ufe0f", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I have four GoPro's; the 6, the first Session, and a 3+......until recently I had a GoPro 4 as well. However I managed to lose it on a recent vacation in South Africa. So upon return home I re-ordered a replacement. Why keep this one with the model 6? Simply because it does not require the mic adapter......this is a requirement on the model 6 and this little extra slab of plastic is just that much more nuisance that the 4 makes some sense as the camera to use when you \"MotoVlog\" as I do from a motorcycle.It gives very little away in performance to the 6..the biggest difference for me is that the model 6 has much better electronic image stabilization (EIS). Beyond that the extras do not matter so much to me. So my advice is to snap up some of the older models and await the next generation from GoPro to see if they do away with that mic adapter!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I'm really happy with this camera. I use it for action stuff, construction, and out with friends. I don't have to worry about dropping it or getting dirty because I can just throw it in the sink and wash it.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Extremely light weight, very easy to handle, very good video quality.  The accys make it great for various uses.  I love the viewing screen on the back side of the camera, this is the only one that has that feature.  Makes it very easy to set up and start using.  We really have enjjoyed using this camera, especially with the head band set-up.  What fun that is.  We looked at less expensive cameras, but everything was compared to a \"GoPro\".  So why not go with the best.  This is the best quality camera.  You can't go wrong with this one  The Wi-Fi feature is good and the blue tooth is terrific.  We can control the camera with our phones up to about 25 yards.  And you see what the camera sees.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Pretty awesome little camera!!  Super lightweight, great image quality and so many settings from which to choose.  Battery life is a little short, but it's so small that you would expect the charge not to last as long as other batteries.  Underwater quality is equally as good.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Camera is great when going on adventures and you need something to record it with. Battery life is subpar especially when using it in 4k mode. But to be honest I don't have a need to use 4k as much as I would only be using 4k to view on my t.v. I mainly use 2K and 1080p to capture most of my adventure videos as my monitor is 2k and mostly viewed on that. The controls are simple and easy to use. If you want 4k but want the small version of the GoPro then get this. If you don't have the need for 4k then get the Hero Sessions and save some money as it can record in 2k.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The hero 4 has many great features. I love the small form factor, the ease of use, and the interchangablity of the mounts with my original Hero 4.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I had heard great things about GoPro cameras, but was not prepared for how small, lightweight, easy to use, and WATERPROOF this thing is!  So excited to use it on our vacation at the beach, and the image and video quality is out of this world.  We prefered the Silver over the Black edition because of the included touch screen on the back of the Silver.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I bought this camera for vlogging, works very well great image and was blown away by the sound quality. I set up four dynamic microphones on two amps and sound sources, the audio quality that processed through the camera was amazing. Makes it super easy to do on the fly videos. I plan on picking up another due to the ease of use and the back led screen. Wanted to provide a demo however no links my YouTube channel is tsmi37 , look for the Overview Chapman ML3 Traditional .Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "After owning several GoPro knockoffs, I decided to go with the real thing. The reason? Support. I have several of the ISAW Air cameras. They are great cameras packed with good features. The problem is the ISAW company no longer offers batteries for my model and there are no aftermarket suppliers. Once the ISAW batteries reach the end of their useful lives, the cameras are junk. There are so many companies that support GoPro products. As far as the GoPro Hero 4 Black Edition goes, it is excellent. It is user tune-able for any application. I bought the GoPro BacPac's for mine. It allows me to see what I am recording with out having to connect to a smart phone. I use my cameras to record my band. I want to be able to shoot multiple angles so I bought three. I also have the option to add high quality microphones. So far, I'm very impressed with GoPro. Great product!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Just getting into vlogging and youtube, I wanted a better camera than my phone, and I was nervous about buying one of the off brands.I also didn't want to drop 400 on a Hero 5 Black. What if no one liked my videos? What if I don't like making them?This fit the niche perfectly, a known brand, known quality, and a price that rivals the knockoffs. I could sell it at any time for what I paid for it.Also, there is no indication of it ever having been used before at all. I could not be happier with this.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Every works according to what it is designed to do.  Comes with the water proof case and a few accessories.  Used it in my car as a dashcam to test it out and also had it recording in 4k to see how well that works (15 fps per second only on this unit).Overall, i am happy with it.  Knocking down one star since the unit shut down on my a couple of times in the beginning.  I haven't seen it do that for a while.  Hope it continues to be reliable moving forward.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Great picture (easy)!!! Best color and picture shooting with (not into) the sun as it is hard to shade it without being visible in the wide field of view. But simply amazing results!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Easy to use.  Figured out most of the buttons, attachments, batteries, and the micro sd card in about five minutes.  Video stabilisation is excellent.  Small enough to carry absolutely everywhere.  I'm a total amateur, and after using it on a vacation, plan to use this and the second one I bought to film my wedding.  If you want an idea of what the video quality is like, this is the video we made on vacation, filmed at a couple different settings, look up youtube's USmuXXHhMAQ.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "There was a crack on the exterior of \"Gopro\". In addition, after opening the front part a little, it was in a state where it was not closed tightly. I'm sorry.The movement works, but anxiety remains.The delivery was perfect.\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014Additional\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014I have made a return request. The response at that time was good. It took time, but it was resolved!Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "This camera is so easy to use and has a broad range of features and accessories. The image quality is great and it takes wonderfully rich stills. Connecting to the app gives you even more settins options and a live preview of what youre filming or looking at. They\u2019ve really thought the feature through giving the camera the very best of everything. It is a really great product.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The camera is a great little camera but if you are looking at purchasing the GoPro Care to extend the warranty and provide replacement service, look some where else. It was not clear in the terms and conditions for GoPro care that refurbished items are not eligible to enroll in GoPro Care. I had paid for the service and activated it only to be told four days later my product does not qualify.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "The new GoPro 5 did not improve video resolution or frame rate, and it locks out aftermarket batteries. I did not need any of the new features so this was a huge savings. For use in snow, you need a battery backpack. A single battery only gives you 20 minutes in the cold and swapping batteries every 20 minutes is ridiculous. I use a high capacity battery that attaches to the back, lasts hours in the cold. I have no use for a screen, you can see your shot with the phone app. I wanted 60fps 4k video but that just isn't available yet, so 30fps will have to do. Getting a used 4 Black was a great deal.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Refurbished GoPro hero 4 silver. Camera arrived in great shape with little to no signs of use.  All functions and features work well. Highly recommend.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I received the package very fast.  It seems to have everything in it that was featured in the photo. I bought this for a present so I\u2019m not sure if it\u2019s condition. I don\u2019t know how to use it whatsoever. I did turn it on and the camera screens worked with good picture.  Go Pro appears to be well kept and in good condition. Can leave further review later once the Go Pro has been gone though but I\u2019m guessing we won\u2019t have any issues.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I love this little camera.  Great video and surprisingly good sound.  Easy to use interface on both cell phone and tablet.  Used for recording band performances in terrible lighting with awful sound.  The camera comes through just fine.  Great price, great product.  The bag of utility mounts was interesting with some more useful than others.  All in all a lot of bang for the buck.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I like the that you can find many ways to mount and capture your videos. I don't have to use my smartphone and try to hold it in position. I don't like the playback screen it so small for my old eyes.to see it that small.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Camera is in perfect condition! It has three backs (two are waterproof, one isn't), which allows you to submerge it to different depths, the shallower of which allows you to still use the touchscreen. It's been awesome so far, and I definitely appreciate having the LED screen to see what I'm capturing and use playback so I can delete photos and save space on my memory card.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Having used this for a while now, I have to say I really like it. It makes excellent videos. I had to read the instructions a few times to understand all the settings that best suit my needs. I bought it primarily for recording motorcycle trips. The batteries last about two hours. I've hooked it up to my cell phone using the app, but found it takes more time than I'm willing to spend to get it connected. The instant record setting with the back display off, is the way I set it up and the batteries get a little more than two hrs of run time. I ordered a 128GB micro SD card for it instead of the 32GB which lasted a little more than the length of the battery. Sound recording works fine for motorcycling, but when I tried recording myself playing guitar it was not very sensitive, probably because of the waterproof case. It may record better sound outside of case, but then I wouldn't be able to aim it like you can with the case. The cover that you pop off to remove SD card seems like it could get lost pretty easily, a hinged cover would have been nice. All in all I'm pretty amazed at the quality of video recording, and versatility. Definitely happy with my purchase and would recommend to anyone.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Just getting into GoPro and am extremely impressed with the technology. I wasn't sure want to expect with this refurbished unit but I couldn't tell a single difference between this and the new one besides the price. Believe me I looked.Came with a fair amount of accessories to get you started. Battery already pre-charged. The packaging as if it were brand new. I am super impressed and have pointed several of my friends to the website.Video quality excellent audio quality perfect. I had no idea go pros were so awesome and conveniently small.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works great! User Interface is easy to navigate and video quality is fantastic. I'm happy I got this instead of the much more expensive newer models, this camera has all the features I need.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The good;   A bargain used for around $200 bucks.  Great image quality and features.  The build quality is superb.  Yes, there are many small cameras like a Hero but why not buy a used Hero and own a real GoPro.    I own 5 sport cams and my Hero is the one I always grab.   The bad: The battery life isn't as good as my Yi4k but extra batteries are cheap.  Again, to me its all about the build quality as well as the image quality.  4k is a joke unless you have a beefy computer that can handle it and the hours to edit 4k files.  Buy a GoPro!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Go pro is awesome for just about every type of filming event. Water, dust, cold, heat, everything. Get go pro for dummies to help set it up. Get the blue tooth turned on and you can control it with the phone (app). Very cool. I recommend this.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Still getting use to the camera.  Video Quality is great, just wish the screen would turn off when in use to save the battery.  Doesn't seem to video loop record, if it does, I haven't found the setting yet.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I am very satisfied with my GoPro HERO 4.  It does what I need and the price was great. So far, I clipped it to the driver side mirror of my car and drove around a couple times.  For all of the vibration, the video is surprisingly smooth.  My kids have have had fun with the selfie stick and running around the house with it.  It's not something I will use every day, but I will enjoy taking videos hiking through a local park and riding the waterslides this summer.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "This is my first go pro I have owned. Although I have not gotten an SD card for it to video yet, the go pro itself looks phenomenal. The price was amazing, the go pro is waterproof without a case, and it came with a mount and a USB charger! I will try to update this review when I have used the go pro. Thanks!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I use this cam everywhere. All the mounting options and the quality are outstanding.  I love the slow motion abilities  too!  Much better then my original hero and hero 3  I love it!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Even though this came with no charger. My husband found a charging cable for it and it works perfectly. just like brand new but has a few scratches on it. The scratches are very unnoticeable unless you look very closely. I had bought some attachments for this device and it fits on everything. Thank you again for this pre-owned go pro hero 4 camera.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I can live with the 1080p or 2K resolution for now as 4K is not a big deal till it becomes widely popular may be. But compared to black edition, the silver LCD screen makes all the difference. I dont shoot just action all the time but my gopro is more of a versatile tool for different situations. You definitely need to know what you are shooting in such cases - just watch the LCD and shoot for those beautiful videos.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I was truly amazed at how good the quality of a video I did in a pool. My son was helping me with some fine tuning. He has a So\u2014- mini recorder an he he could not get over how much better the GoPro was with all the features (touch screen, 4K, 1080,) just a few. I\u2019m going on a scuba diving trip to Mexico next month an I\u2019m hoping to get some great video.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great camera, great quality. Don't waste your $$$ on cheap imitation sports cameras like I did. Unhappy with the quality of the \"Cheap\" cameras  I purchased a GoPro 4 as a refurbished unit. It is basically a brand new camera at a great price with a full 1 year warranty.  I am VERY happy with this camera. The built in touch screen makes menu navigation even easier than using the buttons, which is pretty straight forward. Since this camera has WiFi it can also be controlled by the free GoPro app for mobile devices which is awesome.  I can't think of any negative aspects of the camera and the only recommendation I can make is buy extra batteries.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Use it to video our rides in our airplane. It did a great job. The picture was clear. We also use it to record our kids hockey games, great picture and audio. Love it!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I have a couple of Hero 3s, the picture and video quality from the Hero $ is much better, crisper.  One of the great things is, all of the 3 cases, adaptors, etc all work (except the battery) so it becomes an affordable upgrade. The attached picture was taken while riding a motorcycle, at a fairly reasonable rate of speed. Crisp and clear, video was running at the same time.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "my Traxxas Aton, The QualMy First Gopro & I love it, Using it on my Traxxas Aton, The Video Quality Is Fantastic, I will bring this Go Pro Everywhere !!!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Revived the product quickly. It looks to be brand new. Everything works properly except the spare battery. Out seems to be a dud. Not enough to complain about though. ", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I am planning a trip to the Oregon coast and know I will not be able to scuba dive but decided exploring the tidal pools with a GoPro on an extra long selfie stick would be almost as much fun. I have installed the remote software on my phone and ordered a waterproof stick that extends over 8 feet. Hopefully I will get some good shots and video.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Camera was lightweight and completely waterproof.  Image quality is pretty good.  No complaints!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I get endless videos that will last a lifetime. Tip tho, don't use cheap SIM cards. Get the name brand ones", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Got delivered on time. Love the camera. Great Quality! Waterproof! Underwater photos.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I did months of research then a few weeks finding the right deal.  The camera is awesome!  Great pictures, clear video.  Easy to use.  So many accessories I probably won't use them all.  Great deal and came quick.  I strongly recommend this camera and all that came with it.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "When Contour first started out many years ago and set the stage for the current POV craze, I tested all of their POV models. I've owned, tested, traded and sold over a dozen of the solidly constructed little tanks. Finally made the switch to GoPro and the Hero 4; capable of 4K video. Super compact, unrivaled optics, insanely clean, crisp video; all controlled from my Smart Phone!  As a snowboard coach and athlete the ability to capture HD at 120 fps to produce super SloMo training clips helps me precisely breakdown the athletes' movements in impossible detail and create a highly effective training environment! Go with the best, go GoPro!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My favorite GoPro so far!I've had the Hero 5 Black, the Hero 4 Black, the Hero 4 Session and others, but this one is the best for simplicity, ease of mounting, amazing quality, super lightweight, I love it!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I love this camera so much it records in 1080p at 60fps and has really good stabilization and the best image quality yet it's nice light weight really durable and the attachments are built really good as well I would recommend this camera 100%Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I use to own a GoPro 3 black edition and I have to say I didn't know the advantage of having a lcd screen till now. The quality is really good although the battery life suffers a bit due to the screen but it's a trade off I am fine paying.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Hero 4, is everything you want it to be.  Old enough that its a great price, and has all the excellent video features, plus YouTube is packed with a multitude of DIY videos to help you use the GOPro.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "So much fun to be had with this little camera. Recording in 4k is amazing when played back on a large 4k TV. I use it primarily for drone aerial video footage with a 3DR Solo and I've been extremely impressed with the quality and ease of use.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Easy to use, good video image, little heavy for some shooting. Over all it is good product for outdoor", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I just got it I haven't gotten a chance to use it yet but from everything I'm reading and learning about it I'm looking forward to having a lot of fun with it. Thank you for quick delivery and brand new item just as describedRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I have always wanted a GoPro but didn\u2019t want to spend the money. At this price, I couldn\u2019t pass it up. We used it on our vacation at a water park resort and I couldn\u2019t be happier with the videos we got.The accessory pack is awesome. I also have tested it on my Mororcycle and the video quality is great. I would definitely recommend this item.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It is a little tricky to figure out how to use at first but when you get the hang of it it is pretty easy. It has good quality and it is so much easier to take around with you than a regular camera.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Love the image quality! Nothing bad to say about this product. I received a quality camera at an exceptional price.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I bought the Hero4 for recording my daughter's tennis matches.  Once I built a hanging fence mount for the camera, it wieks great!  It's easy to see exactly what the camera is recording using the GoPro app.  I plan to use the camera for more than just tennis matches.  It is easy to lower the resolution to get more recording on the SD card.  I am pleased with the purchase and I highly recommend it.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Excellent quality, easy to use, fun to watch. Great picture and video.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "True, there might be more expensive and inexpensive options, like the Hero 5 or the Hero +, but the Hero 4 S is the perfect blend between the two, includes a screen, 12mp camera, from 720 to 4K res, and a wide angle view. It is Fun to use and can handle even drone activity.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It is exactly as advertise. I am going to use this to record and maybe live stream using a hdmi capture device already tested it out and it is working great. I will buy again if I need another camera definitely thinking about.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "having fun with it on the slopes but hard to use with no manual.  did find out from your company that the owners manual is on line.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I was hesitant about buying a refurbished camera, but being from Gopro direct and having the same 1 year warranty I gave it a shot.The camera arrived in a simple box, not the fancy packaging of the new one but included all the accessories.It looked brand new. No scratches, scuffs, or any signs of usage.Performance was the same as the new model I have. Everything from the battery life to the image quality. As a matter of fact, the display is actually brighter on the refurbished model.All in all, I am very happy with my purchase.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This camera makes it so easy to produce quality videos. The apps are also awesome. I have three gopro sessions and one controller. So easy.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The size and numerous mounting options make the Session a really useful camera. I have two that I often use in tandem. Having a remote control really helps expand your creativity with the Session. If you are thinking about buying one, you won't be disappointed in the performance along with the endless options for use.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Everything works great! Image quality is very good and clear. Easy to use.. All the accessories are awesome and useful!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "So far my son has been pleased. Image is good and works as expected. No notica le flaws that I could see and the battery so far seems to last quite a while.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "GoPro Hero 4 is the most amazing cameras i ever used , it has an outstanding image and video quality , the wieght is very light and also its gives a winde angel shot .I recommend this camera and i give it A+ rating .Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Nice Gopro for the price, and from all the reveiws I read about the new last versions this one is one of the best. The new versions seem to have issues that they are still trying to correct from the research I did on them.Thanks,GavinRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Go Pro camera itself is perfect with no flaws and works great. Clear case added with package is cheap and not authentic go pro. The cord given with it to charge is useless as well. Glad I kept the accessories from the go pro I drowned in Hawaii.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I was a little nervous about getting a GoPro, thinking it would be hard to figure out how to take cool videos with. But it is super easy to figure out and there are a ton of resources online to show you how to use everything. I got this refurbished and it's perfect. I bought an SD card and some extra batteries, plus found some accessories to use with it. I love how easy it is to use the video editor and how you can connect your phone to it and use the camera that way as well.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "everything in the picture was in the box. it sets up very easily and linked to my phone and computer in a few minutes.  this product is top notch and very reasonably priced.  to get everything separately from the go pro website would have cost me another $300.  i will buy my next camera from this same person.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is my 4th GoPro. I particularly like Session because of its form-factor. It's light, and compact - the right one for travels. Image quality is also nice for the size and price. wi-fi makes it all much easier.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I use these for track days and occasional hiking. They have never failed me. I started using Hero's when they first came out and still have my Original Hero. I use about 3 to 4 cameras each track session to get different angles of what's going on. Some say they are cumbersome to operate but if you take time to figure out what you need to do, it's simple. I use the Remote to turn all my camera's on/off and that works great to keep them in sync.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "When it comes to high technology, I'm a dinosaur - but this Go Pro is very simple to get up and get started.  I purchased it to video tape motorcycle trips and hunting trips, and it looks like it's going to work great!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Image quality has been superb and crystal clear with this GoPro variant. The limitless mounting options available and the GoPro app has made bringing this action camera along to all my adventures very easy. GoPro has the perfect recipe with this little addition to the family.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great Camera!!! Lightweight and easy to use! Recordings are up to 4K!!! Will def recomend to anyone!!!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My grandchildren are 10 and 11.  A grandparents dream.  Bright, athletic, tech smart, etc .  They were so  excitedwhen it arrived.  They are creating all types of movies, including some underwater, with the new camera.The love the camera.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Don't have enough good words for this camera. The things my family has always done (snorkel, surf, our dog chasing balls in the ocean) that we always told people about, but knew they couldn't fully envision without seeing it themselves, we can now share. It's been a great experience and we can't wait to show our son when he's 20, videos of him ripping waves at 7 years old.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I received exactly what was stated and shown in the photos. Excellent buy.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Awesome! Easy to use and lightweight. Added the mounts to my car and bike helmet already. Order extra mounts so you never have to stop recording the good times.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Amazing camera with outstanding image and video quality. Small to fit pocket as an A.Deal cam for traveling.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "How can you beat a recording device the size of a golf ball that has ONE BUTTON to push to operate?  It's EXCELLENT!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The camera I received functions good and the image quality is good. It only has 1 small little dent sort off on the case but you hardly notice it. The shipping was a little slow but other than that, everything is good!Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Bought this for protection and for capturing action shots for when I'm on my motorcycle.. it's works great! The GoPro has great movie quality and has tons of mounts so you can mount it anywhere! A must buy for any action activities or any hobbiest who enjoys taking high quality action shots.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Best little camera ever takes great still,video,and multi shot. Also the accessories are endless.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is an older GoPro model but it does the job.The serial number is not ON the device, I had to use an SD card, format it, and read the card from another device to get the serial number, but it registered fine and I was able to update the software accordingly.The accessories are medium grade, a great starting point but you will quickly see the need to add a couple more, such as a skeleton back or skeleton frame for better audio. The case included is ok, but won't hold everything neatly, you have to decide what all you really want to take with you.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great footage, only issue is that image stabilization is not that great, over all good product battery life is good as well.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Camera did not look refurbished.  Looked brand new.  Worked great.  Great value and excellent video quality.  Works great with GoPro app too.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Good price. Exactly as pictured. Works perfect. Very happy with my go pro purchase. So easy to use. Pictures, videos, time lapse. Great product!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The picture quality is the best I have ever had with a action camera.  I love the fact it is water proof the way it is built, no extra housing needed.  Fits all my existing mounts. The only problem I had was with the go pro app, didn't work with my phone (no fault of the camera).Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It is easy to use, but it takes some time to get used to it. Battery is good and audio/visual is great", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Excellent product, even thought version 5 came out, this is still amazing camera.Silver edition is great since there is a touch screen at the back of the camera, so you see precisely what you are filming.Excellent service, as well, the parcel came in 2 days.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is my first GoPro so I'm just learning how to use it.  It looks and works like a new one and so far can't find anything that would make you think it was a refurbished camera.  It arrived packaged in the same packaging as new & was shipped quickly.  Instructions came with the camera and I was able to down load instructions for the remote.  In my opinion a fantastic deal.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Excellent Video camera, a lot to it. Still learning and very satisfied with purchase.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Excellent pictures and gives you the perfect pov.  There are ways to fix the curved picture and make it wider.  My daughter records everything and this camera is great for her.  She is also able to have an app on her phone she can edit crop or add effects to her videos.  I'm very happy with the quality of the gopro hero 4.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My grandson was elated over the gift of the Go Pro. I accidentally over heard him talk about the camera and he is taking a photography class at the high school he attends. I wanted him to have it. I will never forget the look on his face when he opened the package, a smile from one side of his face to the other. Mission accomplished!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I own several camaras and each has its own purpose...The GoPro has its own strength and purpose. Add the wrist remote and your all set for zip lining across the rain forest or surfing waves at your favorite beach! With an endless variety of mounting hardware it can capture virtually any angle of a hard to get still photo or video. Five stars for sure!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is a pretty good value with the camera and all the mounts you get. I bought two and  both needed new batteries just so you know. Still very happy with purchase.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Still trying to learn using it, great product bundle", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Came as described (lightly used). Works well. Waterproof case was brand new.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I can completely tell it\u2019s either used or was a display item, however, the normal \u201cuse\u201d is what I\u2019d have done, but it does work perfectly! Good enough for me for the price!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I have not had a chance to use it much but it works well in swimming pools. I do not have a float for mine yet so it always went to the bottom and retrieved by some young kids. just a lot of fun.I can't tell that it has been refurbished. Of course sometimes refurbished means someone bought it decided they did't want and return it unused and it is re-boxed and sold as refurbished after it has been thoroughly inspected.I have several small accessories collected already and I found that it may be a little expensive parts and supplies are not.Buying refurbished did save a lot of money.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I have 3 Gopro's already... and the session is just that much  better.  Smaller size so it fit in tighter spaces & the fact that it doesn't need a housing to be waterproof makes it ready for action at the drop of hat. I'm GLAD I have one in my collection.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I had this model already and needed a second one for getting more footage.  This is a great camera. It takes great quality video and is easy to use. You cant beat it at this price point with allof these accessoriesRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Exactly what was described. Good quality. Packaged for shipping really well and the shipping time was good.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works great so far ...love all the features on gopro cameras !", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "my favorite thing about it is that It has an easy to open charge port and uses micro-usb.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Easy to use the only thing it needs is better picture quality. It was a very good deal for the price. I would recommend buying", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "She always wanted something smaller and easier to carry to record our dogs for her page.  Now she has it.  Thanks for the quick ship.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I really like this product.  Holds a charge and packs nicely.  I have purchased my 3rd one now. Wish it would last a bit longer, guess that is why the price is right?", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Great working camera but had to download manual. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works great.  I used it on my last dive trip.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great value and excellent picture quality. I use it for track days with my car and it works fantastic. All attachments work well and stay in place.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Small, lightweight and lots of features. Great video.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I bought this model to upgrade and enjoy the touch screen.  It's been great.  Tested it out on vacation in Hawaii and it performed flawlessly.  Great videos and image clarity.  I've not been ale to use all the accessories yet, but the ones I did use worked well.  The floater does tend to take in water, but it evaporated out.A great deal for the camera and all the accessories that come with it.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My Hero", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I just upgraded from the 3 black to 4 black.  Chose not to go for the 5 because my accessories won't work with the new camera.  A $100 trade in just isn't worth it.  Very happy with my decision.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I really didn't need another camera, but at the price point I just had to give it a shot. Boy am I glad I did! What a nice (and apparently new) camera!If you are in the market for a nice high quality action cam, this deal is for you!I would highly recommend getting your hands on the Hero 4 Silver manufacturer refurbished before they're no longer available!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Excellent item. Great gift for my husband. Took excellent video on our vacation.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Well worth the money.  The ones in the store are very expensive, $80+ so If you are looking for a good buy this one's good for you.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I purchased this for scuba diving and the picture quality is great. Its small enough to fit in my pocket and with the wrist strap, I don't have to worry about loosing it on a dive.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I highly recommend this product. Easy to use, durable, and great image quality.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great price, timely arrival. Satisfied customer here!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "At first the battery wasn\u2019t charging.  Don\u2019t use it out of the box.  Let it sit on the charger overnight.  Battery life is good.  Lasted me a 12 mile hike on one battery.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My wife and I tour on my motorcycle, so we wanted something to better record and share our memories.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Really like my new toy! It's easy to use anywhere. Surfing, Snowboarding.. even hiking!Bad thing is flash drive max for 64GB only.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It has great quality and easy to use and can\u2019t wait to use it when I ride my bike this summer", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "bought it as a gift. You need to get a memory card to be able to use it, but works well otherwise.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Easy to use, good picture good price", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I received the camera and went to town.The GoPro just works - works great and fun to use.Thanks.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Camera looks like brand new!! All accesories came as described!! Thanks!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works great and the images are good. Software needs a little better instructions though", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Best video quality as expected, GoPro is also very light and portable. The only thing  you need, probably, the 3-axis gimbal stabilizer as Zhiyun Z1 Evolution gimbal for the smooth video shooting.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Can get a real feel for the smell and texture from these upskirt shots the quality is that clear! 10/10 would recommend, nice and discreet perfect tool for the job", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "The most versatile easy to use camera with beautiful shots.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "the whole camera is good except good but scratched battery door.This was disappointing.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I love the ease of use", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Worked great. Took it on a sailing trip in the Bahamas, Great videos in the salt water no problems", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Everything came as described and in better condition than expected. Everything was like brand new.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Need good eyesight to read the wee screen on camera front when setting up and there are a lot of options so learning curve can be steepish.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Pretty easy to use once you get used to it, but video can be a bit pixelated", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I love the camera also got to say one thing it came fast I love it now I'm going to go put it on my motorcycle thank you guys..Robert", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Not sure anything yet because no battery nothing can with it so its on a shelf for who knows how long till I get more stuff for it", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I won't write much about the GoPro itself. It's the Hero4 Silver version. Even though it's refurbished, it's really hard to tell it apart from a brand new one. The remote and wrist attachment are nice bonuses as well. The price is great and shipping was speedy.  What more can you ask?Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Geat price for a mostly portable water flosser. Not as strong as an original Water Pik but adequate.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "This GoPro is nice because it's essentially a brand new camera. It looks brand new and comes with all the news mounts and hardware as normal as well as a one year warranty.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Easy to use great quality pics and videos.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I bought this for my husband for Christmas.  This is a wonderful camera, excellent pictures and videos.  He has used it daily and loves it and the accessory kit is awesome, has everything you need plus extras.  Would highly recommend this camera to everyone.  It arrived exactly when tracking said it would.  Very happy customer.  Thank you so much for a wonderful product.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0christophegordn...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Was previously rocking a Hero 3 on my hockey helmet, and since switching, I'm much happier with the session. Quality is roughly the same, but lighter weight and one-button use is just awesome.Very happy with the product :)Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "it is refurbished item. does not have original plastic case. camera is in the corrugated cardboard box. has some dust all over the components.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Great purchase for a little camera. Good size and maneuverable with great mounting options. Picture and video quality top notch", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "lightweight, easy to operate, excellent picture quality and very versatile.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Instructions for the item would have been nice to receive", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Great picture quality, decent battery life, durable, and easy to use!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Small in size yet big in performance with many attachments ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great camera, still learning it, works great on the motorcycle.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Get my GoPro fast it came with everything I needed for it very happy with it so far I have not used it to much but still it all works that I can till \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Took a bit to set everything up and have yet to use it in more extreme conditions but no complaints yet!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "A little more complicated than I thought. Very versatile attachments (sourced after purchase). Should come with a mini SD card, purchased separately.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Even at 1080 60, the image quality on my TV is impressive...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I love this go pro so far!  It works perfectly and super lightweight, it takes great pictures and videos, I'm excited to use it on my trips:)", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Ideal for the price, great for Time-lapse and other applications a large camera can't go.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I was very happy to receive my go Pro all the has went well seems to work just fine extra batteries helped thank you very much", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "This thing has been great so far. I've recorded footage on my dirt bike @ 2.7k and it looks amazing. Better than 4k imo. Can't believe how much cheaper this used one was than a new one that is really not THAT much better.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I use this go pro everyday mounted to my motorcycle helmet. Its awesome!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The camera is awesome but the accessories are cheap and not that good. I don't think that they were made by gopro. I would've been happier if they were. ", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Came with all of the accessories that I could ever imagine to have and it is a amazingly light and very user-friendly", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0richiedavid", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "This is an amazing camera.... excellent seller. I bought the camera for a family cruise. After returning, I amhighly enjoying all the taken videos and photos.If you are planning to get a go pro, please make sure you get a few extra batteries, they go fast.About the seller, I would highly recommend  it. Fast shipping, product as advertized...I am very satistied, and I would buy from him again without any hesitation.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Very Nice cam, very easy to use, excelent Quality", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Just have to update!!! Gotta love a working gopro for 100 bucks.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "For a 80 dollar GoPro Hero 4 it's very good. It has a charger, mounter, underwater case, and battery. I would very much recommend you buy this. It also has a touchscreen.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Only used once so far, but seems to work as described. came with lots of extra mounts and gadgets that will come in handy, as I will be using it mostly for KAP (kite aerial photography).", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "i gave the GoPro Session to my Son for his Birthday,  he loves it.thank you again.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Nice product and excellent service", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "My nephew has been wanting a GoPro for two years. I decided to get him this for this past Christmas and he absolutely loves it! It fits on his helmets, and he can take it to the ocean. Now he can capture all of his adventures for us!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "took a bit of juggling to update the firmware via an iPhone 6 plus, but it eventually worked. So far the charge is holding up good with the wireless and blue tooth turned off. Put in a 64 GB microSD card and is capturing memories.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works way better than some of the previous GoPros I had. Really like how you can have multiple video options as well.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Awesome items. I loved them. A++++Awesome items. I loved them. A++++", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Got it for Christmas and he just sent me some awesome videos of him skiing!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Have two both working for about a year now and still going strong. Easy to take apart to clean and sanitize, small for storage", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I bought a used one. Besides a few cosmetic flaws the camera seems to work well. I will do business with again. Thank you", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Bought this for my grandson came very quickly,go quality for his first camera is very good  would buy it again", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "But it looks and works brand new to me! Very satisfied!!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "She wanted to take pictures while swimming, tubing and jumping off the dock.  She loves this GoPro and takes it with her everywhere.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "So much versatility in such a compact platform. Stunning video and pictures in any environment. This is my first gopro and my only regret is not owning one sooner.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Of course image quality isn't its best attribute... but it compensates with its small size, low weight and ease of use!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I already had one go pro silver 4. I like it so much, I bought a second one for my son.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The camera works like a dream. How the batteries don't hold a charge. Be prepared to buy new batteries for it.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "we learn  to use it in our way to the water park, it's was easy and the videos and pictures are great!!!!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The price is right.  Fully functional camera just without SD card which is no problem because of the cost savings.  Camera appeared to be new just without case and accessories but very good quality typical go pro productRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I am using the camera to illustrate my work as a furniture upholster. It has been an interesting adventure to this point.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Love the touchscreen. Easy to use and helps me make my YouTube videos!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Fantastic deal. Works excellent one of the better water pics I\u2019ve tried and at this price you can\u2019t go wrong I just ordered a second one to have as a spare. Smiling all the way.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This was a water flosser at a bargain price, so I decided to try it.  I had some difficulties with the water reservoir moving as I used the product, so finally I filled the basin with warm water, and submerged the pick up tube in the water and bend over the basin to use it.  Now I am happy with it, though I know it might be a slight hazard since it is not designed to be used this way. On the other hand, it works well.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Everything was new. You guys are great. Thank You very much it was a pleasure.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Product is well design. It is quiet compare to my other sprayer.I have purchased 2 and both had what looks like one of the retaining clip was chipped, but the nozzle stayed inserted.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Though over 4 years old from date of manufacture, it is a very nice camera. Works great!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Used but works great so far!", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Its my first GoPro and it works really good it came with the basics so I ended up buying just a front helmet mount a few more batteries and a dual charger and your basically set. Good buy!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I love it! The videos I've done are beautiful in quality, I only wish it had a longer lasting battery.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "love it, easy to use and good value", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Rafted 270 miles down the Grand Canyon, taking pictures all the way! It works great!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0refurbished | Sold by:\u00a0gopro_certified", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My daughter loves this thing. It takes great pictures and videos, including under water, and it is very user friendly. Moreover, it is extremely well-built.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "A good value for a Portable Water Flosser.  The size is just right, even though I have to refil it once every time I use it.  The water pressure is not as high as a non-rechargeable ones, but is enough to do the job.  Good item to buy.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Exactly what I wanted", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This camera is super versatile easy to use and the result is superb. Highly recommended for people that need the special edges and performance.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I was amazed to see that this GoPro is nearly $100.00 less than a new one. The only catch for me is that when I try to see the video that I took from the GoPro immediately, It will stop and I will have to turn it off then on. But other than that it is amazing. I bought some more accessories for it and they literally have everything!! GoPro hero 4 accessories. I hope this review helped some people with their decision\ud83d\ude00.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I\u2019ve been using the go pro hero 4 for year now Great quality great videos great time lapse especially for 3-D printing", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Easy to use, sound quality good and makes great videos. Not disappointed thus far.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I've been wanting to buy gopro. Gopro here5 is too expensive right now. For a beginner like me, great conditioned manufacturer rufurbished gopro hero 4 silver was a great choice. I found 2 very small scratches around round lense house. Other than these scratches, I am pretty happy with this purchase.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Nice camera. Performs perfectly with my Tricaster HD switcher.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "There is a reason its called a \"GoPro\" and for what the camera was designed for its practically flawless. Image quality is very good. Easy to use.That being said if you are looking to take portraits, landscapes, etc .. this is not the camera you want.As the title says ... for every job there is a tool.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "works good used it on our drag car with the Bluetooth gopro app videos are great", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Nice little cameraChecked out all functions and all seems finePurchased for under water use  which has not happened yetHoping  it performs as well under water  as above", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "For a refurbished product this was a great product. I upgraded to work with my drone and it worked phenomenal well. Just what I wanted and needed. No issues so far and superior fit and finish to other cheaper productsRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Worked great for the price", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Nice deal with a good quality of camera. This is all i need for my every trip!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I bought this expecting to find a couple minor flaws in the product. However, the camera is in brand new condition. More than happy i went with this model.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This bundle is really good for beginners it comes with all the things you need handler, dual battery charger pack, back floating door, and 16Gb memory card plus all the accessories that comes with the camara itself... Loving it so far and so excited for future projects!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "No defects in the camera and great image quality", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Love the GoPro 4 - very easy to use and versatile.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "A glance at the quick start guide, and a micro SD card and you are ready to start filming! Quick delivery and works as advertised.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Accessories connect easy and all fit properly and all at an unbeatable price", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "And Hero 4 Blacks are the best!I love these cameras, take them everywhere with me!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The camera is excellent and very easy to use.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is my second GoPro and I love the Hero 4.  Awesome camera and I would buy another one if needed.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I need to read manual it complex but a great camera.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Bought 4 of these and all 4 had scratched lenses. I managed to buff it out with a dremel and car polish. Otherwise they work great, thank you! ", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Great camera!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Fun and educational. A toy for Big Kids", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Gift for 8 year old grandson. He is very active and uses it 4 wheeling. He loves it. Easy to use.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great product!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Had to manually update the software to the latest to get it working but has been flawless otherwise.  Looks and functions like a brand new camera.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great product, easy to use ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "with 4k videos, very good and lightweight", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I haven't really had the opportunity to use it.   But I unpacked a DVD took a quick look.   It is so cool.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "There is not much to say about the GoPro that has not already been said.  It is simple to operate, low in cost (when compare to high-end SLR's), small, light in weight and totally transportable.  To really appreciate this camera a user must try one.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The camera is easier than I expected, I wore it on my head and it's not uncomfortable at all. But what I don't like is that the battery only lasts for one hour when recording.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is a fantastic camera.  It is solid and easy to use.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is a pretty good kit for the price..got everything you need..and it's not cheap plastic", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great camera but too many accessories with  the package.  Some will get used but most wont.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "It\u2019s in good shape for used, still getting into the features. No complaints", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Used this camera an our dive trip to Cozumel and the video is excellent.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Thank you, great GoPro for the price I just wish there was a instructional book that came along with the product.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0krommstore", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "work ok for price better deal then Panasonic", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Daughter loves it!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Pretty easy to use", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "What can I say, it's a GoPro4.  It works and looks exactly the same as a \"new\" item, but at roughly half the cost!  I could not tell in any way that this was not a completely new camera.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "We bought this refurb and were a little nervous. However, upon receiving it we have zero problems! This is a great unit and works fabulously! Thanks for such a great product!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I'm ok with this product. It has its limits but this a first camera purchase for me.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I bought this for my grandson. He absolutely loves it. I'm considering buying one for myself", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Wonderful camera. Great quality and exactly as expected.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Easy to use. Small and lightweight. Good camera for its size", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "All I can say is this is by far the best action camera I've used............", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works great, but not sure about case it comes with, it fogged up around lense pretty bad first time out.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "You can't beat the price.  Best camera for the money.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Very easy to use and if you run into problems, there are a bunch of videos online to help", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Have had my gopro for about a month now and it seems to be holding up. Wasn't sure how a used electronic would stand up, but so far so good...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "VERY SMALL BUT NICE. WISH IT HAD A TALLER TRIPOD", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "very small, compact & easy to use.. love it", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It looks and function like brand new unit. Used it in flight 5-6 times and I love it.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I'm enjoying my GoPro that I just received today the quality of the picture is great and I would recommend this purchase to any of my friends\ud83d\ude00", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Exactly what we wanted to capture our trip down south", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Use it on my state to state motorcycle rides, great to record those memorable events", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It is an amazing little camera ...my kids love it..", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I bought this specifically for my 3DR Solo   It's a perfect camera for that platform. I'll be getting a couple more.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Good device for on the go recording. Will be using it weekly. Love it!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Fits comfortably in my hand strong water pressure nice angle on the tip to reach the teeth even in the back of the mouth", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Very good love the touch screen very easy to use", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Only issue I found was a small crack right above the lens on the case of the camera. Does not affect the performance. Pleased so far with the product.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Awesome camera with good image quality.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "awesome in every way", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Just what I was looking for, going to mount it on my fishing boat as I do guided fishing trips, then the customers can watch them selves when they're catching fish", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Met expectations, shipping was OK as far as knowing timing.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works great and great price. Would recommend", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Got refurbished gopro and it looks like a new camera but was way less expensive. It works as well as a new camera, would do again.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This camera is very convenient to use and has every accessory for any situation.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Awsome camera and awsome accessory kit fits my need perfectly 11/10 definitely would buy  again", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "works great", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Very nice easy to use camera", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0refurbished | Sold by:\u00a0rongyuanxie", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Good deal the camera is practically new and it came with 2 memory cards and a GoPro camera mount.\ud83d\ude00", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "A nice camera even without the back screen.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "GoPro housing was somewhat damaged, but everything else was good.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Have battery water flosser and battery dies fast while using.this one is rechargeable and can be charged after using.So good i ordered another for traveling.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great options, fast will use a lot.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Does all expected and more", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great camera and package for the price!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "bought as parts got new battery's for it & it works great", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "great camera for a lot less money, very happy it arrived like new, and works great.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Bought it thinking I would try to fix it being it was listed as non functional, plugged it into my drone and it powers up and works great!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Gift for my best friend. She is thrilled with it.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "this is an amazing gopro and I love to use it!!!!!!!!superb", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Nice camera for good price", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This thing is fantastic!  I really love it and think I might buy a second one..", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Both items as discribed, \"Mint\". Works great!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Good product! No complaints except that the battery doesnt last very long.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "JUST DID A LITTLE VIDEO AROUND THE HOUSE AND IT WORKED GOOD. I GOT IT TO GO DIVING WITH, SO IT WON'T BE TILL NEXT MONTH TO USE IT THERE.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Very nice system and deal. Some accessories had never been used.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Perfectly good \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Placed an offer and got back to me in a jiffy!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "At first could not get GoPro to charge. Tried a different charging cord and it powered up just fine.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0pre-owned | Sold by:\u00a0goingaces", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a0richiedavid", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Good product, it is easy to use!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Very good light.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I love my go pro", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great shape. Shoots a great video. No hero 7 but perfect for backpacking ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "So far I like everything about it going to take it on my motorcycle this weekend and go see the leaves change in the Rocky Mountains", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This was an investment that was well worth the money.  I was a little apprehensive at the fact that it was refurbished but I took it on a 6 day trip to Mexico and the performance was really outstanding in both above and below water use.  I am completely happy with all aspects of this device and would highly recommend!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Excellent condition i was pretty happy with what I received. Works well already went whitewater kayaking with it. Got awesome video!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I love using the gopro. Really fun and easy to use!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My son mounted it on a drone using a gimblemount to take pics from the air.  The quality is awesome and was exactly what he needed for his project. I give this 5 stars out of 5 !!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works great can't complain.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Good product, no issues so far, came with tons of accessories for a good price!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Arrived early, got what i ordered and all is good. This GoPro 4 silver fits what i need for motorcycle Vloging.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0refurbished | Sold by:\u00a0rongyuanxie", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "GoPro was as described and seems to work just fine. Can't wait to use it next week on vacation. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Verified purchase:\u00a0 Yes | Condition:\u00a0new | Sold by:\u00a047st.photo", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works great could have came with memory card", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "So happy with my purchase!! Can't use it on my next trip!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My hubby loves this camera and says I got a great deal! Thanks!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "GoPro offers great value and superb video. Used solely for professional product ads.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It was exactly as pictured. Everything was new and worked great.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Shipping was incredible. Absolutely love my gopro", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Bought it for my son who is a big traveler with his wife and they go to Florida a lot from PA and they love it. The pictures are great and they have had it for over 6 month without a single problem. The only thing is I think he told me he bought some extra attachments for biking and other stuff, but what he got was great.-JeffRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Nintendo Switch is lots of fun. The system can be used on a television or as a handheld console. The games are easy to learn for anybody and their game collection is extensive. The Nintendo company has rebooted many of their older titles which makes this system very entertaining for older and younger audiences. I would definitely recommend getting the Nintendo Switch. The system itself only has a 32gb memory and after system files have installed it leaves the user with about 24gb of actual space to save photos, games, system saves, etc, so I would also recommend getting a memory card if you're the type of user who enjoys downloaded content. Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The product has no problem and I have been using it extensively for the past two weeks. I am glad that the box contained everything a brand new box would. I unpacked it and turned it on and it worked like a charm. No cosmetic damage to the device and the accessories whatsoever. But at the same time, I have no brand new device on hand to compare it to so take this with a grain of salt. Great value compared to a store-priced in my opinion.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Nintendo switch is the best Nintendo system ever made. It has all the great features from past systems all rolled into one terrific unit. Graphics and game play are outstanding. Takes a little getting used to the joy cons and I really dont like the \"wii\" type functions. But not to worry its up to you to decide how to utilize the controllers for your play. Adapts well with aftermarket controllers for multi players.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Nintendo Switch is a mature product, so that means most of the issues are resolved and the machine performs well. I have only been using it for about a month so I have not experienced the joy-con drift problems yet. This is mostly due to me using it in the docking station with an after market PowerA controller.On the subject of the Joy-con Drift, I am aware of the issue, and Nintendo is facing the music so to speak with the international lawsuits that have been filed on behalf of users. Well see how this all shakes out, but for me it is currently a non-issue because of the way I use the platform, and should it happen, replacement parts are readily available and I have the technical knowledge and experience to replace the parts if necessary.Individuals will need to weigh the pros and cons of this issue in the context of their technical skill level and their desire to use what is other wise a very good gaming platform.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My switch was delivered on time with everything working perfectly! It came like it was brand new and it plays like it too! The only problem I have is that when the box was delivered the top looked like it had either been crushed or opened which worried me because of how expensive this console is. Other than that, it works wonderfully! I have a picture of the console (HDMI and charging cords not shown, but were delivered!) and how I received the box. Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "TLDR: I had an issue with my original Switch's SD card slot and opted to repair myself, borked it, and opted to buy my own. This was a good buy, console was excellent, performs exactly as I expect it should (I also do end user software testing as a profession, so this is my thing..)Thank you for having the console available for an excellent price, in excellent condition and thank Nintendo for making logging into and transferring data between the two consoles rather easy. (After getting used to setting up two JoyCons between the two..)5/5Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Very trustworthy, I had my doubts that it wasn't going to be as the picture. Though when I saw it it was in the box looking brand new and every part of the switch was in its plastic covering. Also it works perfectly and I got everything set up just fine. Overall I like it.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "All of the games on it are so dang fun. Point of fact, I spent the first two hours making Mii figures to use in Super Smash Bros. The settings menu was fast to set up, including making my own Nintendo account, and it's super easy to add friends (you can even add friends with Switches from Facebook and Twitter). I honestly didn't know what to expect from the size of the screen, but I'm surprised and delighted at how portable it is. Nintendo knocked it out of the park with the Switch.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "very solid brand new, true advertise, great in box with plastic, solid solid, yea the price kick me in the joint, but when you love your family you do the best as you can as a brother ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The switch system is amazing. I have all 3 of the major consoles and I\u2019ve got to say that his is by far my favorite. Just the feature of being able to take it off my dock with me anywhere already sets it above Xbox and Ps4. Portability aside the games are so fun.Who doesn\u2019t love Mario Kart and Party? Great for groups or all by yourself. It really is versatile. Version 2 battery life is adds 2-3 more hours of battery life which makes a huge difference. Plus the switch hosts several Japanese rpg games which is my forte. Get this system now! Don\u2019t ask any questions!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I got exactly what I asked for and what was advertised. It's brand new unopened and the newer model which has a longer battery life. I'm enjoying playing Animal Crossing New Horizons right now. It works great!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I was looking for a Switch but have been hard to get it. I see this item a little more of what usually cost but I think hey is deliver to me and still is a good price (during the pandemic cost have raise considerably). It was exactly what I wanted and was put to deliver super fast. We did have to make some mail arrangements but the communication was quick and easy. I'm in love with my Switch!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Nintendo Switch is probably my favorite console to play in 2020 right now. I also own a Cbox One X and PS4 Pro.The graphics aren\u2019t the best,but I don\u2019t expect them to be either.Its now only the quality of the games that are unique, but the quantity.I grew up with Nintendo,been playing thier games since the 90s.With the Nintendo Switch Online Service,I know have that ability to not only play games from the 90 but also early 80s as well.Classic Super Nintendo titles are also on the switch online.All of the newer remakes of those games along with the fun of using the joy-con controller really set the switch apart from the rest.If I\u2019m on the go,I can use it as a handheld or carry everything in my nifty carrying case with ease.I absolutely recommend the switch to not only newer gamers but older ones as well.Tons of hours of fun to be had, on the go or in your living room.Xbox and PlayStation have good graphics,but I\u2019d rather choose quality over graphics any day.Im keeping my others but have the most fun playing the switch.Grab one now before it\u2019s too late! They sell out quick for a reason!!!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I got my switch around black friday in 2018 and I got Super Mario Odyssey game too.I played Super Mario Odyssey till I beat Bowser and dark moon. It is very fun console that I can take everywhere. I take my switch to my work often.I found out that I could run my homebrew stuff on my switch. I ordered another switch for my homebrew projects because I know nintendo hates and ban any homebrewed switch. I also started modding Super Mario Odyssey levels. It is very fun console I ever had. Most Important thing is that you have to know what your doing on your switch if your into homebrew stuff. Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "i love this system. Nintendo hit it out of the park this time. its so convenient to be able to take the console out of the base and use it as a handheld. this might be my new favorite console. its easy to use, charge, and remove, and the games look greatRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "We appreciate the sale of the brand new Nintendo switch. Our daughter has been asking for one for her birthday and this was perfect. Everything works. No defects and setting it up was smooth.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is a brand new system like promised. It is the v2 version. The battery life does last longer! Super pleased with how quickly it was shipped. If you are stuck at home this is a nice distraction in this time. So many fun games to play and a lot from my childhood that were my favorites.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It arrived early, looks completely brand new andfunctions great. Though the price is over the original by about 100 or 150 it\u2019s the beat price I could find since the whole Covid-19 situation, but overall I\u2019m very happy with this purchase!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I couldn\u2019t find a Switch anywhere now in the lockdown and I bought it here for just like 60 more dollars and its brand new as they say! its amazing! Thank you guys! My son is happy now!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Graphics are great, fast load time, light weight, a lot of good games and a lot of games from when I was a kid which is awesome, I paid a little more than I wanted but still worth every penny. Love that I can use on the go and on the big screen at home. I would definitely recommend for those who are light or heavy gamers. Plus a few first person shooters online to play which is awesome. I\u2019ve only scratch the surface so far but I love it and I haven\u2019t had the battery go low on me yet so that great,Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Love it! Had to buy it asap great price and it was brand new, still need to buy some games lol but Love my Switch had to get it for Breath of the Darkness coming out in 2020. Huge Zelda Fan!!!!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Nintendo switch was the only thing my daughter wanted for her birthday. Didn\u2019t realize until a few days ago that the most stores were sold out.  This is my first time using eBay and glad that I did!  Thank you!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Always been a huge fan of the Nintendo consoles and still play the original nes on occasion. The switch is a huge step up from the wii consoles imo, don't get me wrong both wii's were very fun to play, but the switch kind of takes me back to the beginning in some way. I'm going to include my review for Mario odyssey as well for the people who are thinking of purchasing the switch bundle. I have enjoyed m/o so far. It's an open world version just like the Nintendo 64 Mario game which I spent many and many of hours playing and enjoying , but I won't lie to you I enjoy the original versions of Mario were you race to the finish line and follow a set path. With that being said I still highly recommend the switch, Nintendo got it right with this console and have a huge stock of games that I can honestly say are terrific. Happy gaming...Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Came with all the cables, dock, controllers and system. Not a single scratch on the screen and very very few on the backplating. No drift on the joycons (yet), holds a charge and had zero connection issues transferring data over from my old system. Controllers seemed a bit more used as the d-pad felt a bit loose and the triggers had a bit of a noisy \"twang\" to them but other than that, good as new. Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This thing is amazing. I was a huge NES and SNES kid growing up in the late 80's and early 90's. I lived in those games. As I got older I haven't played video games really in the last 20 years. But picked this up for DK Tropical Freeze and it was such an amazing investment. To be reintroduced to the new modern version of Nintendo and all those games I loved as a kid has been priceless. Came in perfect condition. Loving it.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Man I\u2019m loving the Nintendo swicth it even came with Mario kart 8 I appreciate the game you gave me. It\u2019s really like brand new thanks again.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "For the few excellent exclusive switch games, the console is great. After those game are played (which really doesn't take that long but does take a huge amount of money), there isn't much left to do except to wait for better games. The online multiplayer is absolute garbage as well, imo. Except for maybe downloading/playing over people's courses in MM2, but I dunno if that really counts.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Not since the N64 have I been this excited about the potential of a Nintendo console. I am very impressed with the graphics, build quality, and innovative design. I can't wait to get my hands on some of the AAA titles already out for this system and anticipate more great games in the coming months. My only complaint is a lack of social apps and media streaming services like Netflix but I believe that they too will get on board with this platform, given time.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I've had mine for about 6 months now and have purchased additional ones for other family members who are surprised that I enjoy mine as much as I do. I am not a gamer, or at least I wasn't before the switch. the difference is in the ability to dock with a TV and play on a larger screen as well as portable on the go. most games play better on the switch than on my Playstation. thats really something for a small portable device.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I'll keep it short because there have been a ton of reviews. The console is amazing and extremely portable. First the bad.There is a flaw in the design of the console when it comes to placing it in the dock to connect to the TV. The screen warps due to high heat. The cooling system in the console is not strong enough when docked to keep it cool enough. This results in cracks to sometimes form at the bottom or the top of the tablet portion of the console. BUT PLEASE READ MY NEXT PARAGRAPH!Nintendo MADE THIS CONSOLE TO BE PORTABLE. You won't experience any of the above if you use the console strictly as a portable. It's light enough that you can carry it anywhere. You might not like that, but sports cars are really made for performance, not everyday driving. I play mature games so Mario ad Zelda don't appeal to me. However, they have some good games for it so far. Doom, Wolfenstein 2, Diablo 3 are just a few examples. And there are rumors of last Gen games that will be ported to it but we won't know more until the next E3 in June. Definitely worth every dollar I spent on it. Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "We love this console. Fun for the whole family, and the fact that it's Grey is cool AF! Looks much sleeker and matches the other gaming consoles, DirecTV Box, and surround sound system. When it's out with friends there is no chance the wrong one will get picked up. We always know which one is ours. The carrying case and screen protector really make this a great value, especially compared to buying the bundle from a chain store! Very happy with our purchase!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I really like especially playing Mario Maker 2 brings you back to the old days but way better. Got this for my 4 year old son he loves super mario.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Very fun but not real easy to find moons on your own. Need YouTube videos in order to find things. Don\u2019t know how anyone can find all the moons by their self. But it\u2019s really fun to play. Glad I bought the dock but can also play handheld.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The product is great. My daughter absolutely loves it. She'd been saving for months to get a Switch and some games. But due to Covid it was sold out everywhere. I know people want to make money, but honestly this was overpriced. She can't afford to buy new games now. But she has one game and she loves it. I just wish the Switch had been priced closer to what it normally goes for. Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "It's IMPOSSIBLE to find brand new Nintendo Switch's right now so this one was a miracle. The box was a little scuffed but nothing that caused any problems and the system works perfectly.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This console is amazing!!!  If you enjoyed NES, SNES, N64, Gamecube, Wii, etc., then you'll love this system.  Just make sure to have some time available in your schedule cause  you're probably going to get hooked on this thing pretty quickly.  My wife and I have been playing Mario games with the pro controllers.  (sold separately)  They are a blast.  They've taken many of the older Mario concepts and improved on them in almost every way.  Graphics and gameplay are much improved.  If you're an old time Nintendo fan, or just want to have a great console to enjoy- don't hesitate.  The Nintendo Switch is worth every penny!!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "New model with the red box and greatly improved battery, can easily play smash or zelda for 5-6+ hours depending on brightness, blows the old switch out of the water due to it and even a slightly better screen.Whats not to love? If you want a switch this is the one to get *unless you like neon blue/red*Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Nintendo Switch is great! Has incredible graphics and the fact that games from other consoles are available on it is outstanding. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Crash Bandicoot and Spyro were among those titles now available on the switch. The only negative I've noticed aside from the steep price is that sometimes my controller loses it's connection, not sure if that's just an indicator of low battery or user error but over all 4 days in I'm pretty happy with my purchase! Oh and the steering wheel accessories makes racing so much better! Earlier to handle the tiny controller and less stressful on my fingers \ud83d\ude04 I highly recommend!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "First time playing games on Nintendo Switch console. It is fun and enjoyable with friends and family. Most of the Switch exclusive games are very fun to play from hours to hours nonstop. The Switch joy con controller is compact and the buttons is tiny when hold. When dock the Switch to the TV display, the resolution is not the best compared to other console, but at 1080p it is not bad at all. The console is not quite solid build but feel durable. Package comes with all necessary accessory to use on the console. I am satisfied with this purchased. Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I\u2019ve been really enjoying playing Switch games on the upgraded version of the switch.  The screen looks to be a warmer color and the battery lasts almost twice as long when undocked.  The Switch is by far the best console purchase that I have ever made.  The upcoming PS5 and Xbox Series X consoles will have amazing graphics for sure. But can you play Skyrim on the toilet or on the go?  I hope Nintendo brings out a more powerful version of the Switch in 2021! What an excellent time to be a Switch owner! It really has become the best possible experience for adults and kids when it comes to playing video games.  Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "it\u2019s basically brand new and it\u2019s so much fun to play, plus the price is way better than everyone else\u2019s at the moment ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Recently purchased the V2 Switch (due to me hurting my old one's motherboard where the SD adapter snaps into)... so far everything seems to be great with it! Haven't had a chance to check out the battery life improvements, but I am sure they are there.Also, the screen does seem to have some form of an improvement in picture... can't place my finger on what they may be, but it doesn't appear to have as much of a glare as the launch model Switch.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Nintendo switch is one of the best consoles imo while xbox and psn have many competitive online games the switch allows for a much more immersive experience. Invite a friend over to play on your couch, or maybe 3 friends for a fun 4 player matchup heck you can play with up to 8 people on a SINGLE switch. Not only that, remove it from the dock and take it with you, play it in the car, while waiting on your doctors appointment, or heck take it with you to that party you\u2019re being forced to go to and play it in the bathroom secretly. Regardless nintendo switch is the way to goRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Was exactly as promised.  Works perfectly.  Lots of fun in lockdown.  Price was a bit high compared to a brand new unit.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Refurbished product arrived fairly quickly and looks, feels, and plays like brand new. Zero complaints. Highly recommend!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Product came complete as stated. Looks as if it's practically brand new.  Works and functions properly as one should expect.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I was kind of skeptical because it was cheaper than usual, but it\u2019s fine! No catches to it or anything. Came brand new with everything and works perfectly fine.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Nintendo did a great job with this \"upgraded\" model. My 12 year old daughter loves it.  Her 18 year old big sister has the original Switch. Gameplay is a little smoother on the newer one and the battery life is definitely better on the newer one! Both girls play Animal Crossing for hours and there is a noticeable difference in battery life. You can't go wrong with this console!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great system for the kids during quarantine. They can go outside so this is the second best thing. We have all consoles. This one is mainly for multiplayer games they offer. Mario party/kart.  We also bought extra joycons. Fun exciting so system.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I've been wanting to buy one of these for a long time and finally getting it was totally worth it. It it truly portable while also giving that old school consolw experience that I love. This product was definitely a hit or miss for nintendo, but obviously, they hit the target right in the bullseye. If you can, definitely get yourself a nintendo switch!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "this switch is grate works good looks grate thank you.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Who needs a box when you can get a brand new Switch with no problems! This is great. At only $20 over MSRP I felt like this was the best deal around, plus it shipped so quickly!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great battery life and games.  (4.5 to 9 hours, vs. 2.5 to 6.5 hours for the first version of the Switch).  Animal crossing new horizons is An incredibly deep game.)Nice graphics but not next-gen by any stretch.  WiFi connectivity is a known area that needs improvement .Great for families as many games can be multiplayer through local play that does not require internet access.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "So much fun. Seems to be the most popular game system in our area. I think one of the main reasons is due to the game system being easy to travel with it and the game system has lot of fun games.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I haven't used the product yet as it is a gift for my partner, but it looks beautiful and brand new. Everything was included and wrapped neatly.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "very happy with the Nintendo switch my daughter has been playing non-stop she loves Animal Crossing it's her favorite game. It is a mix of family fun and old school Nintendo Mario kart and Luigi adventures. Definitely would say this console is family orientedRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Arrived on time and in good shape! It's a really great system with so much that it can do. The games on the nintendo store have a lot of good variety. Overall, I'm very glad I bought this system.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My son thinks he has a brand new game system! Very satisfied!!", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I was a little skeptical at first, knowing it was at a slight discount. I imagined there would be a pre opened package or some kind of false advertisement, but it was all brand new and looked straight out of the factory. Everything came with it and it works like a charm. Way better than going and buying it full price, even worth the 3-4 day wait.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It came in a few days early and so far its great! No damage. Apart from a few smudges, which is expected, its in perfect condition. Came with everything as advertised. You will not get screwed. Everything was carefully packed, especially the nintendo switch itself. So no worries about it getting smacked around. Definitely recommend!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Hands down the best console on the market. I use the Nintendo Switch and my gaming PC to play games. The Switch is the only console alongside a PC you need.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "We originally bought the switch lite only to discover that a lot of the games my son wanted to play weren't compatible with the lite. So we returned that and bought this. What an awesome little game console! Amazing graphics, small enough to be mobile but big enough to be able to see the screen well. Easily hooks up to the TV for even more fun.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The switch is a good portal system that is great to play any where. I will was looking for a second switch to use and this one fit that need. Reasonable price that I would had like in a switch. The product was as said and I am enjoying my purchase.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "A great system for the family, with games for all ages and lots of multiplayer options. We bought ours for our son for Christmas and he LOVES it, especially how easily it transitions from the TV to handheld for traveling or playing in other rooms in the house.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My son loves the flexibility of being able play on the TV, or at times on the handheld. The graphics aren't quite as crisp my Xbox in HD but that's to be expected, they are still clear and crisp. Not quite as fast either, but real simple to switch between games and apps.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "LOVE IT.!!! Brand new, perfect.! Nothing bad about this product, very happy.((:", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I\u2019ve only had the Switch for 2 weeks and I\u2019ve already put DAYS into my new favorite games. I started quarantining a week ago and the Switch has definitely helped me get through the monotony of sitting at home all day.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Awesome handheld system especially for gaming on the go. It does not have the same portability factor as the 3DS, but it is great regardless. If you are looking for something to kill time and allow for multiplayer gaming this is definitely it. Like I tell everyone Nintendo may not make graphically superior games but they make extremely fun games and the switch is no exception.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Just as it was stated before purchasing this product it said it was like new and hardly used and this was found to be true. Even thought the price was reduced some from the original full retail price it was a good deal. Thanks so much and keep up the good work.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Super fun and very easy to use, have had no issues and look to forward to continue to use it.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Its a really good device. It feels like an upgraded 3DS plus it can function as a home console which is what I mainly use it for. The only problem is that now I need to pay more money to buy even more games. Overall, great product and definitely worth the money. Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The only thing was that I was expecting it to be in the box because of the picture, but that is really on me because I did not read the description carefully (there were only 45 more seconds to bid). It came nicely packaged, and was what I was expecting. This was a great value especially considering the unavailability of switches.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great to see Nintendo still putting out innovation so many years after they started it all. This is not a cutting edge box when referring to graphics or processing power. What it lacks under the hood, is made up for in design and unique features. Add in all the Nintendo only titles (new & old) and it is the coolest, freshest deck going! Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "At first I was disappointed because the unit came without many of the accessories it was supposed to be the supplier worked with me to find the things I needed and ultimately was a super friendly person. I would suggest anything this supplier has to offer because they truly put in extra effort to help their customer.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I love my Nintendo Switch! I had V1, but decided to upgrade for better battery and have no regrets! If you are a Nintendo fan, I recommend this product. Nothing better than being able to go from handheld to TV and back at any moment.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Everything came in the box with what was included! Looked brand new! Great shipping time.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I bought it at a good price and it came in pretty quickly.  Works fine and there doesn't appear to be any cosmetic damage that I can see though that could be because of the dark grey colour. After a few days, almost a week I find that the Switch works just as it should do.  Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The best part of the switch is how unique it is. It is a console that can be played on TV, or on the go. The best thing about Nintendo is that the games they offer are good for larger groups of people. The games you find traditionally on Xbox/PlayStation are single player only or online multiplayer biased.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great handheld console of this generation in decent condition and works like a charm, so far no big issues with it. A few scuffs but none on the console itself only on the joycons.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great product. I was surprised how good the graphics display is. There are also great games that meet a variety of interests. My girlfriend loves animal crossing and I am enjoying Spyro and role playing games.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Fantastic. Was basically brand new and awesome package of accessories. Was a gift for my girlfriend and she absolutely LOVES it!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Love the games and graphics on this mobile gaming device. It could use hbogo or Netflix app compatiblity. Bluetooth should work with headphones. Aside from those two complaints, I love the Nintendo switch. Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "So far I have put in only 5 or so hours into the console but it has been great so far. Great graphics, easiness in setting up and playing, fun for everyone. Would highly recommend. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Honestly the best gaming experience you'll ever get on a mobile device. Battery life and Joycon design could be better. But the fact they were able to pack all this into a mobile experience is absolutely amazing. Worth the buy. Especially for when Super Smash Bros Ultimate comes out.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The switch works fine, you could tell it had been used before but no major issues. There were some scratches on the dock and the joy cons are a little loose, but other than that it is a great item", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My package arrived a day early which is awesome.  Everything was accounted for even Super Smash Bros. Ultimate which I almost tossed because of the size of the disk.  Quality isn\u2019t brand new but for the price and what\u2019s included, can\u2019t beat it.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Switch is still a very good buy and is an amazing console. At the time of writing (April 16th, 2020) Many of the Switches are price gouged through this sad pandemic but still, the console itself is wonderful and the library of games is awesome and will be worth playingRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The nintendo switch is the best of both worlds. It has stunning graphic capabilities. I love that it is so easy to play anywhere anytime.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "If you have an extra set of joy-cons, this is an excellent choice. I bought this so I could have one that can go online, since my other Switch is for homebrew stuff, and now I can play Overwatch on my mint condition Switch.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This was a Christmas gift for my son - who couldn't wait to open it... we've already enjoyed hours of this and I love the unique color design vs the red/blue version.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "When I was shopping for my system, this was the best price found for a completely refurbished \ud83d\ude43\ud83d\ude00 The kids and I have been playing Zelda, BOTW for the past week or so now, and let me tell you, my 8 yr old daughter loves it. Rates game her favorite thus far\ud83d\ude1cRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The product was as advertised and is enjoyed by the family. It works perfectly and has had no glitches or issues. It is portable but also can be hooked up to a TV screen giving it a larger viewing area. I am extremely happy with this purchase and am enjoying the time spent on the device.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great product, bit too expensive compared to the power of PS4 or Xbox1. No matter it is fun to play, and it feels great in hands, but the only issue is the price of games that never seem to drop over the years.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I guess my title was a lie, it could have been at retail price but given the circumstances with Nintendo Switches being in short supply, I was able to get mine through shift shipping and in perfect shape. Absolutely love it and glad I bought it here.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Bought this for my boyfriend\u2019s birthday gift. Didn\u2019t think it would make it in time for his birthday, but it got to me in 2 days, which was perfect timing! And he loves it! Extremely satisfied with this purchase!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Easy to set up and loads of Fun!  Price, however, if not great.  Wish I had bought it back in August when it was only 200+ dollars.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "The Nintendo switch is a fun, easy, intuitive gaming console that is great for everyone. I know 13 year olds that play it and adults that play it. Very nice graphics and fun games! ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Exceeds expectations!  Best Nintendo gaming platform ever!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "In absolute excellent condition!  You could tell it was used as the area around the buttons were a little worn but that's it.  Plays excellent and all accessories were accounted for and in great condition.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I was a little skeptical at first but Nintendo switch has really saved my sanity during this weird time! Graphics are not the best but for what you get it really is the best console on the market at the moment.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Got it pretty fast and is everything they said it was. Brand new and tons of fun.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I will admit, I was a bit nervous buying the switch since of the higher price, but I\u2019m glad I did. It runs perfectly and I\u2019m so glad that I was able to get it. Please know that the accessories and and case do not come with the product. I bought those separately.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Definitely happy with my purchase. Only issue I have is one joy con doesn't lock in to the screen, but my friend has the same issue. If need I'll send it to nintendo. Would recommend 100%!Nintendo Switch is the console you didn't know you needed!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I bought a Nintendo switch because we are a big family and we needed some entertainment! I found this one for a much lesser price than all the other ones being sold and it\u2019s wasn\u2019t bad. It had some minor scratches but who cares it worked! The item arrived very quickly! Would definitely by from him again ;)Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The switch is a great console and i love it! However it is made out of plastic so it can easily scratch and will break easer then some things. A case and screen protector are needed.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Needed my own switch for the upcoming Animal Crossing game. This console is in great condition. It's brand new and the price was as good as it gets.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "There seemed to be a significant scratch on the monitor screen.  That being said, my son attached the console to his monitor, so the issue was moot.  However, it would have been nice if this was mentioned in the product description.  The console works just fine and the product operates without any flaws,Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Came as presented, works fine. If it were next to a new one I probably couldn't tell a difference. Came at a great price. Very happy.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Got it for my daughter for her birthday she loves it made me Daddy of the year thank you eBay appreciate it I ordered it on Wednesday it came by Friday best delivery ever thanks again eBay", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "A great product. Good for traveling and at home. My one complaint is that you must pay for online services, it's cheap but you already have to pay for the internet bills.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Switch is the most innovative and fun console I\u2019ve seen in modern day history. Yes the hardware isn\u2019t top notch quality and it\u2019s graphically behind its \u201ccompetitors\u201d but the system is just too fun and the original games on the system are spectacular. The only issue I\u2019ve had with the Switch is that transferring data between console to console or even simply changing the sd card is is overly tedious and annoying. Be prepared to re-download every game you own if you think about upgrading to a different model. Overall though the switch is an extremely fun and universal console that will get everyone in your family excited be prepared for some slight upsets since Nintendo\u2019s costumer support is not incredibly helpful or intuitive.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I just love that to get extra life of battery for Nintendo Switch Upgrade to Version 2.My wish is to become a Traveler!!! ^_^", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Nintendo switch is extremely hard to come by right now and these guys weren\u2019t totally price gouging like many others giving the high demand of the product.   Product works and looks great. Thank you!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Video quality is great. Controllers are intuitive and easy to use. Love it!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I absolutely love this console. The design and features are off the charts. I highly recommend this console to everyone....it's worth the money. You will not be dissappointed.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Highly enjoyable, and at a bargain price, the Nintendo Switch is the perfect handheld for on-the-go gaming. Whether for long car rides or downtime at home, the HD visuals are eye-catching and enhance the overall experience!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Shipped quickly, made it in one piece/complete, and has worked since day one. COULD NOT BEAT THIS PRICE. Four games is four games used or not.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This switch has changed my life, probably the best 250+ dollars ive ever spent!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This was a birthday present for my son.  He loves it and there are lots of kid-friendly games and group games to play which makes it fun for the entire family.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Love it! So much fun, love that it can be handheld or easily hooked up to a tv.  The new Mario cart has some crazy levels!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It may not be in perfect condition cause it's used but it still works great! It makes me really happy. :3", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The switch took a little under 2 weeks to come in but it\u2019s worth it! Brand new and exactly what I wanted! Thank you!! ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The big N does it again by combining portable power with a console option to stay in the \"videogame\" race equation, providing a classic system with nostalgic games from their extensive library to draw the attention of new and old veteran players alike so if historic gaming is your Forte the this is the system for youRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I bought the switch and it was perfect all around!! I got a faulty remote but was replaced immediately when I notified the seller!!! Would recommend 10/10 reliable af!! If anything does happen to be wrong just let them know!! They will try there best to fix the mistake!! Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Can\u2019t believe I missed out on such an amazing console for this long! Play it like a Gameboy, play it on a controller, play it with half the controller in each hand. Crazy fun! I could go on a positive rant but I\u2019ll just leave it at this...BUY IT!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I put my original joy cons on the screen and case. I went to the Nintendo store and downloaded all games that were on my old one. It works great. My four year old didn\u2019t even know.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "System came a few days after ordering.  Everything works perfectly.  I bought this system to replace my V1 which was malfunctioning and I could not send it in for repair because of COVID.  The price was good considering the shortages.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Ability to play both mobile and at home means everything to me. Graphics are sharp, buttons responsive, sounds crisp. May be a tiny bit pricey but it's worth it.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I purchase this for my son after looking at the reviews, At first i didn't want to buy it it ,but i am glad i did my son loves it. It works great, if you are thinking about it like i was, don't Buy it", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "My sons switch got stollen I had to buy this works great I didn\u2019t see any scratches or dents nothing it\u2019s in great shape I charged it my son is having fun again thank you I really appreciate it", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Searched everywhere for a switch the past few weeks and this was the best price I could find! Not only was it a good price but it arrived a whole day and a half earlier then was originally expected! Thank you!Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Worked perfectly, looked brand new, great product for the price!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The controls take some getting used to. All-in-all I still highly recommend giving this system to try to!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Love the portability and also the ability to play on the TV screen. The only negative is the joy-con drift. Also needed to contact Nintendo support for a few issues, but the support was SUPER helpful.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "It\u2019s not my childhood\u2019s Nintendo- this is top notch! It has the essence of it, but with high tech features! ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I wasn't sold on it back in 2017 when it launched... but now it's one of my favorite consoles I've ever owned! Especially the fact that I can take it on the go!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Package was excellent,  beautiful brand new 2019 Nintendo switch", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Problem with gettiong the package due to incorect mailling address buit easy fix and works perfectly!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Bought this to play the new Animal Crossing game with my family and we haven't stopped playing it since! Endless amount of entertainment to keep up occupied in the coming weeks. Consider buying another if sharing becomes an issue! Highly recommend for the whole familyRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works great, easy set up and fun to play! Love that it can become portable", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "A little pricey, decent selection of playable games.. still not there graphically...but then again that\u2019s why this is Nintendos best product they\u2019ve blended old with new to make it an enjoyable experience for all ages Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I wish I could have bought this Switch sooner. It is a ton of fun and easy to use. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The title of this review pretty much says it all.  If you're thinking of buying one and have a good USB-C charger the only other thing you will need are the controllers to enjoy this.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Love everything about the switch. Portable, easy to use. Just can\u2019t wait for more games to be available to use on it in the future.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The console came new! Everything was in the packaging. Console works amazing and is an absolute blast to play. It even arrived a day earlier than expected. I would 100% recommend! Thank you!!!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Nintendo switch is a gift I don\u2019t know how to play it nor do I have the desire. However, the product looks just like new.  It has minimum scratches and very well taken care of. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I love my new Switch! Latest version, packed well, everything worked beautifully. I\u2019ve already invested hours of fun into this; lots more to go.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "After setting everything up and running it for a couple days to make sure that everything was working properly. I have come to the conclusion that this was by far one of the best buys!!! Thank you so much for this!!! Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I thought I was just getting a Switch, but finding a sizable micro-SD card inside was a great bonus considering I got this for WAY less than most switches were selling for", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It was in perfect condition and played great. The kids love it. About to buy a couple more so each one has their own for Christmas.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "An excellent system. Doesn\u2019t have the graphical capabilities of a PS4 or XBOX, but it far surpasses them in my opinion ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "In spite of the pandemic price gouging, this is a great console. My only complaint is that with two games on it, it already needs more space. I\u2019m not sure why 32GB is an option if the games are 10GB or more.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "i think you charged to much for it..could have gotten it at wal mart for 299.99, but they where out so i paid it because oi wanted in.. the game works great though/ amd i love it.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Joycons are great and feel easy to use, everything I expect it to be.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The console is good, graphics are great, animal crossing game is fun but I think the price is crazy but every kid wants one.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This was a spur of the moment purchase. I'm not a huge gamer but this console has been a lot of fun. I really like that you can take it with you or drop into the dock and play on your TV.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Straight to the point the whole family loves it. My wife gets all wound up trying to finish each stage of the game, and she really didn\u2019t play video games until now. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I was skeptical at first of the legitimacy since there\u2019s no real pictures but it is legit. Play it every day now. Perfect console to pass the time in quarantine. Lol. I would recommend buying from them.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Sent the wrong color joycons but itll have to do. Otherwise system looks great and works great. Everyone should buy, just be sure you make sure you are clear on what color you want.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Seriously best purchase I have made in a long time. Perfect new condition. I'm very happy! The wait was worth it! ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great product, just not worth the price currently but only because of short supply.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "this is an amazing console and i love how portable it is and was such a good value. i\u2019m so glad i bought it refurbished it\u2019s like new and i saved so much money.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Even with the elevated prices due to scarcity, the switch is worth it. It looks great on the big screen or in handheld mode. Just wish I\u2019d bought one sooner!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This thing was near mint. Just had to by the controllers. Saved a bundle buying it used even after I bought all the accessories. This thing is great.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It is exactly what I wanted.  I love playing animal crossing.  As far as the value goes, the price was $100 more that theit was pre-covid19 but I really wanted it.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Was so excited to order this and give it a try. Works so well! Couldn't be more pleased with the system. Comfortable in hand, great graphics.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Everything is perfect\uff01It is brand new one \uff01", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I haven\u2019t had any issues so far. It came well wrapped, and in a fairly timely manner!I also did receive my hdmi cable as well!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The tablet works perfectly well and even though the description mentioned the possibility of heavy scratching, they were hard to find! Way more affordable than buying a whole system since we already had joy cons.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Definitely next gen gaming. Love the graphics, love the games, and love the portability. Nobody has to fight over tv time anymore", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I\u2019ve been wanting to get a Switch for the longest time but there weren\u2019t enough games. Now that there are plenty of great titles I bit the bullet and got one. Could not be more impressed!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I've been looking for a Switch everywhere. But it's sold out because of the Pandemic. And online prices are ridiculously high. I luckily found this at a great price and it shipped very fast!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Awesome! Came super quickly and everything was packaged really well. I wasn't expecting the rubber grips that came with. Super pretty blue colour. Thank you!~", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "THe switch is super fun and very easy to learn and play different ways. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I got this for my boyfriend for his birthday and we loveee it! It\u2019s so addicting and I love that you can play it hand help AND hook it up to your tv to play with other people! Thank you so much! ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "So glad I purchased this during quarantine...It's a great addition to my Playstations! I missed playing Nintendo games and the games available are new versions of the classics I grew up on!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The switch is fun and very easy to install. Has quite a few games in the eshop already and can't wait for more to come out!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great product. Bought as a gift, and it arrived immaculately from NewEgg. The graphics and display are actually better than I was expecting, coming from a PS4 gamer. Looking forward to buying another one for myself.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is exactly what my son wanted, he couldn't be happier. Works great, really fast :)", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "i really dont have enough time to play this wish i did i love it when i can use it", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Such a fun gaming console! We love the versatility of switching from plugged into TV to a handheld gaming device. We also love playing online.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I was too excited to finally purchase my very own Nintendo Switch and couldn\u2019t be happier to have it in my possession. MINT CONDITION & PERFECT COLOR !!!!!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It was reasonably price for what other people are listing it as, especially since everywhere is sold out because of the whole coronavirus pandemic. It said it was refurbished but it came in the original box and plastic wrapped and everything basically like new. Awesome product would recommendRead full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "i love that it is also like a lap top ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great console. Love the dual hand-held and TV-connected modalities. Definitely prefer the all-gray to the neon colors.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Although the one I received was used it was in better than expected condition, though I've had some hdmi troubles with the dock. All in all I think great for any Nintendo fan or anyone who has long commutes like I do.Read full review...", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "I got a super used dealEntire console with 6 games and the HDMI dock for $400.I play every night with my friends and I couldn\u2019t be happier with my purchase. Thank you.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It's a really fun system. It really pays tribute to the systems that have come before by allowing you to play many Nintendo and Super Nintendo games.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I just bought this one for myself, after buying one for my kid. Super Mario kart, breath of the wild, and fortnite is what drove me to get another one. Great portable console", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Like brand new, there were no signs of wear and tear. No scratches and came well packaged.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Just like new with very slightly loose left joycon but that's expected with previous use.  Very fast and secure shipping. \ud83d\ude42", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The Nintendo switch is such a great device and this was a good bundle. Almost 70$ worth of of switch accessories brought the total price of the switch down to like $360 which is cheaper than most other offers on here.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Just great.Con: joycons are smallPro: finally able to get those Nintendo games I've been missing out on ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "To say I\u2019m satisfied would be selling this short. Way more than I could\u2019ve asked for, great deal, great quality! ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The switch got hear a day early which is awesome. Wont open tell friday. Then ill give my full review.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Soooo many shady listings on switches... this was right on,the real thing ,unopened and shipped fast.  Couldn\u2019t have worked out any better! Th ams", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Just got it today hooked it up and it works  hope he loves it", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Very fun home console, I bought it in preparation for Ninjala and my god is it so nice to have a handheld and a tv console in one.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Works fine but the power button stopped working after a month of use. No deal breaker, the controller can put on or off the switch", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Too expensive especially when buying from a third party but is out of stock everywhere and my joy on only worked on the left side, other then that I love my switch .", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Love the Switch, great for in the house and on the go!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I absolutely love my Switch, and I\u2019m so glad I saved 40$ by buying it used. This truly is one of the funniest consoles I have ever owned/played.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The product came exactly as pictured, with some minor scratches on the screen which aren't intrusive while playing. Adding the Joycons, it is exactly how I liked Nintendo games that I finally can enjoy.Read full review...", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The switch wont wow you with graphics or frames per second. What it does have is an innovative way to game. If youre into the future this is it! ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Considering all the price gouging this was a good deal. It was the cheapest I had seen to bet on..... The switch itself is great. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I love the switch so far. The Mario Odyssy game is awesome and fun. I am 45 years old and have always been a PlayStation girl. But the switch made me a fan. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Purchased for my seven year old, and he is absolutely hooked. Everyone I know is envious of the  SPECTACULAR deal I received and I just want to say thank you for making me and my son extremely happy. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I bought this for my mom to be able to play animal crossing with her granddaughters. She absolutely loves it", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The product is perfect and completely new! I absolutely love it. Sender is great and made sure everything was amazing!Perfect Order!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "is very fun during this pandemia", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I couldn\u2019t be happier and it came brand new, just like it said! Thank you!!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It\u2019s a great console! No scratches, there\u2019s one small piece of plastic missing on the back side but it still works fine just would\u2019ve been nice to know.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "This product was made for our \"quarantine\" time.  Plenty of game and loads of fun.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "NewEgg gave a nice discount to an excellent product.  Definitely a good bang for the buck.  There are so many games to play.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "the items came really good condition. Seems like the owner keep this item really saftly. Also love the skin of the item. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "So, I. bought this for my stepson for Christmas and ended up buying a second switch because I wanted my own. Great device!! ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "With the corona virus and lack of stock in our local stores, was so glad to be able to get it for our nephews milestone bday, he was thrilled!!!!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Came in amazing condition and was even charged. Everything looks barely used and is working wonderfully. Thank you so much!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Expensive considering it came out 4 years ago, but fun for the whole family! My wife loves playing Animal Crossing on it.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Came exactly as described, brand new nintendo switch with everything included", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Came in great condition, really good graphics and we love it. It came at a really good time too. Thank you so much!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Packed really well, looks brand new.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This console is awesome. It really is unique in comparison to the other two. The fact that you can play it handheld is incredible.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Great product. I love it. I use it every day. Works fine and it comes charged. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The product was simply brand new. In perfect condition.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "For my daughter looked great. Working. She\u2019s having a ball. Works as expected.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Ordered as a Christmas gift so has not been opened/used yet. Arrived quickly and package intact.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Love the Switch -- portable and still a full console.  With thousands of games available for download, this is an excellent investment. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Birthday gift for my five yrs old and he loves it! Price a bit high, BUT it is in HIGH demand and my baby smile was PRICELESS!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Brand new, and no issues encountered. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "It does its job as if it is brand new. I love it!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I gave it to my daughter for her birthday and she loved it. She is very technical and appreciates how it is made and how it performs.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Even though this was a used reconditioned switch it arrived like new.  Works very and my grandson is getting great enjoyment from it.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "All is great but the value. But I new going into it.  Other then that it\u2019s just what I wanted. It\u2019s fun and entertaining when there\u2019s nothing else to do.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Nice console nice graphics  it's nice how you can detached and take it with you", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This purchase was the BIG gift that my Autistic Son wanted for Christmas. This purchase will help channel Joey's attention and be a GREAT add for his condition", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is a awesome product although with covid-19 had to pay a lot more to get it since everywhere was out of stock but over all great kids love it", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Like new with a few very minor scratches. I know not all will look like the one I got but I would say it was in excellent used condition.  ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Arrived way before expected arrival date & im extremely happy with my purchase. Thank you so much", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I was a little nervous about ordering preowned but I am so happy I did it ! The switch is in nearly perfect condition and everything was included in the box. I am very happy.", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Very nice product , just missing the adapter to use to connect to the tv that was not in the box. Everything else was good to go on my end.", "rating": "4"}, {"text": "Everything was included and works great!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Love the switch, I\u2019ve had lots of fun with it so far BotW and animal crossing alone are worth it. ", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I\u2019m not a huge gamer but even I am in love with the switch. Easy to use, lots of fun!", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "I mostly bought it to play Animal Crossing New Horizons and it came in today yay!! \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "This is a great deal the switch comes in looking brand new the only thing that didn't look new was the box but that really doesn't matter", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "works great! Little over priced but that's due to such high demand.   But love the item", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "The product came in a timely fashion. And was as describe. Sell has good response time as well and they are very polite .", "rating": "5"}, {"text": "Absolutely love the console. Good system for the whole family ", "rating": "5"}]
