description: I love my ps5. As an Xbox gamer who's been watching Sony's first part game lineup explode since ps3 days, my curiosity grew into a need. I needed to play the last of us 1 and 2, bloodborne, god of war, uncharted, ff7 remake, ghost of tsushima, and countless others, and I couldn't settle for a new console that was less powerful than my one X is. I had to go big or wait, and after over a decade of waiting, I saw the price and jumped on this sale instantly. I'm overjoyed with my purchase, and I make pretty decent money so I figured I'd throw some of that stimulus check money at it, and I regret nothing. At all. This console is DOPE, and I live it more than any Xbox I've ever owned since the original Xbox. Now I have Xbox, Nintendo switch, and ps5 all sitting next to each other and I'll never miss another exclusive release again. I'm also very happy with the speed in which it was delivered. It took under a week, and this console runs quiet. It's louder than the switch, but quieter than my one X. I'll hear it rev up once in a while, but it only lasts a few seconds before it's silent again for hours on end. Games load FAST. I'm talking no longer than 6 seconds, even for both spider man games, and the last of us 2. And the upscaling and enhanced features are mine blowingly awesome! The adaptive triggers on the controllers make it feel like you're actually pulling real triggers. They lock up about half way through a trigger pull, and you have to use a little extra force to pull em all the way back, coupled with perfect timed vibration, and sound coming from the controller, it's a thing of pure beauty to feel in your hands. It's literally like shooting a gun. The track pad is flawless for doodling in whatever games you draw on it with, and just holding that controller, you know it's built for quality. If only the D pad and sticks were in easier to access spots like the Xbox and Nintendo pro controllers are, I would've easily given this controller 10/10. It's an easy 9/10 though. The rest of the console is amazing though. Best console I've ever owned. I'm ecstatic every time I turn it on. Read full review...
description: It definitely runs better than the PlayStation 4, and doesn't sound like a jet engine the way the PS4 did. Graphics are better, the adaptive triggers are a nice feature. I have to say I like the UI better on the PlayStation 4 as the PS5's is sometimes difficult to navigate. There are a lot of awesome features though, like picking right back up where you left off after the system enters rest mode. My only real complaint is the huge lack of system storage and capabilities to upgrade the storage. I can fit maybe 7 games at a time on the console at most. System needs upgraded SSD capability. On the PS4 I never had an issue with storage management thanks to my 6 TB hardrive upgrade. 4/5, would be 5/5 with upgraded storage capability. Read full review...
description: The PS5 is so much faster than the 4, the graphics are a big leap forward, the speed of loading and server-based games is much faster, and the née controller is the best controller I’ve ever used. The standard PS5 controller has the best features and best feeling response. It’s better than pro controllers.Read full review...
description: The PS5 is a great console, it's fast, responsive, and easy to use. They have moved a lot of things around from where they were on the PS4, so a little learning is required to get used to it, but it's generally no issue. It plays PS4 games as well as PS4, so this console can act as both if you don't already own a PS4, or are just looking to retire the old one.Read full review...
description: Everyone that sees the console loves the graphics and speed, but they all say what a weird shape it is.  Well, they always come out with an updated console after a year or so, and they can wait for that while i enjoy mine : )You cant build a gaming pc that competes with the cost of the consile.Read full review...
description: I spent $914 and I can definitely say its worth every penny i spent this bit fast af i got like 30 some games installed with 3TB of storage and The controller literally violates my hand every time i use it Definitely buy this while yall still canRead full review...
description: It does everything you can ask of it quickly and the graphics look better. The ps4 pro version games i played so far are fantastic. They play better than my ps4 pro. Only downfall is limited storage space. Read full review...
description: The faster download speeds alone made it a worthwhile purchase. Great graphic, smooth play. The UI takes some getting used to but it doesn't take long and the improvements made to the UI make it quicker to find what your looking for. The only complaint I have about the UI is the recently played games list is very short and I haven't seen any way to change it.Read full review...
description: The PS5 is the 5th generation of the Playstation System. At launch it will be available with an advanced haptic feedback controller thats battery life will be anywhere from 3 hours to 10 depending on its usage. The PS5 uses an advanced cooling solution involving Liquid Metal and Evaporation Chambers. A combined technique that will create a quiet gaming experience. On launch there will be a few games, however the PS5 is backwards compatible and will run most games from previous generations. The Disc version comes with a blue-ray player and will run disc versions of games unless they require software downloads like most high capacity games demand nowadays. Read full review...
description: Purchased for an adult son for Christmas. He says he absolutely LOVES it!!! No better recommendation than that!!! :-)
description: The Ps5 is the benchmark in console gaming.  Excellent graphics and 3D sound ( sony's version of Atmos) and Haptic feedback on the controllers.  The controllers are a bit heavier than the Ps4 controller and are designed differently.  The console itself is taller and heavier than the Ps4 but when you see what it can do you will understand why.  Read full review...
description: The PS5 arrived on time, and it's brand new! I bought it for my son's 14th birthday, and he literally cried tears of joy!! Thank you so much. Very happy with this purchase!
description: I bought this as a Christmas present for my son.  Admittedly, I overpaid which is why I answered "no" to the question of "Is it a good value?" However, I willingly overpaid because I didn't want to give my son an "IOU" for Christmas.  He's been thrilled with it.  Set up was straightforward, data transfer was intuitive, downloading games and updating them took less time than his PS4.  He's been impressed by the degree and variance of feedback from the controller, particularly while playing COD.Read full review...
description: Received brand new in box and very quickly.  Works perfectly.  Had to spend a little more than I wanted but needed it to finish off my media room build.
description: I'm enjoying the graphics of my new Ps5. Love the Controller also. Sony really made an awesome machine!
description: Amazing console , faster and looks amazing , you can play PS4 games especially if you have the disc version you won’t have to sale your old games. Plus on PlayStation Plus you get a lot of free games , like God of War, Days Gone, Last of Us, Mortal Kombat X and much more.. just my best advice buy external hard drive . Read full review...
description: Without any serious Ps5 games available, it’s hard to say how much better this system is. The Home Screen layout is much better, the games move smoothly, load times are better, lighting is better. Graphics? We need a game willing to push the limits, but outside of GodFall, which isn’t that great, there isn’t much of a selection for adult users of Ps5. Definitely the worst launch of any system, which is beyond frustrating. Read full review...
description: Incredible graphics, lightning fast, easy to use. The 3d pulse headset is perfect, and the controller is next-level. I couldn’t be happier with it so far.
description: Works great, brand new. Scalper pricing is garbage but whatever... it’s fun and I love it.
description: Never played computer games and bought this for my grand-daughter.  I am getting  addicted to  this thing.  Loads of fun and the  graphics are amazing.  Overpriced due to availability and it could only be improved by getting it at normal  retail  price.  I  love this  thing.Read full review...
description: The PS5 was well worth the wait! The graphics are even better if you’re using a 4k Smart TV. To my surprise, it also shows up crystal clear on a projector. This is a console that I’d probably end up buying one more just for the sleek design!Read full review...
description: Best graphics.  Fastest ssd. Best games and exclusives. What more can you say. Can play all your old games from last gen and make them load 90x quicker. Headset and mic is built into the remote so no need for buying a pair. Console is a beast!Read full review...
description: PS5 was in time and brand new and when i asked if they could put it in a normal box to avoid theft they did so wonderfully would recommend
description: Stellar! Quick load times and whisper quiet. I was waiting on the postman like a kid waiting on Santa lookin our the window. Worth every dime spent!! There isn’t one bad thing I can say about this crazy awesome machine. Other than it’s like the size of two ps2’s put together.Read full review...
description: PS5 prices are crazy now and there aren’t many pure next gen games to really push the consoles.  That being said, if you can afford it the PS5 feels more than ready for what’s to come. PS4 games look and play great and the machine is silent. PS5 games are coming and combined with the slick new controller it’s a true next gen experience. Read full review...
description: Love this thing, its never leaving my super gamer setup!!! Displays in 4k, and seems like it works with the TVs HDR settings without its own (hardware) HDR being active, could be wrong though! Payed a little more then normal but it was worth it , this machine is  beautiful must have peace of tech!Read full review...
description: I splurged and got my teenage son the PS5 for Christmas.  We ordered it on 12/17 and received it about 3 weeks later, even though it was mailed priority.  My son loves it and it was worth the wait to see the smile on his face. We have a SMART TV so the graphics are amazing! The SpiderMan game and FIFA are his favorites. Read full review...
description: I paid double for this PS5 so my grandson would have it for Christmas. This was my choice. I’m not complaining, just stating a fact. To me it’s no different than his PS4, but hey, I’m just an old grand-paw that does all he can for this special needs little one.Read full review...
description: Couldn’t get one from retailer so had to spend the extra money for Christmas. My wife loves it and was very excited so for that it was worth it. Graphics are amazing, can’t wait to get a 2.1 hdmi capable TV with 4K to see what else it has to offerRead full review...
description: It has amazing graphics, no loading times, a very innovative controller with haptic feedback and vibration. I'm very happy with my purchase.  I just wish I could've gotten it at retail value.
description: I love it, I didn’t really have much faith in buying a ps5 from eBay. But I got exactly what I asked for.
description: It’s good but it’s a new step in gaming, which is very confusing for me. I’m still trying to get used to the new settings and stuff but the graphics are great and it’s very fast loading times!
description: So far my son hasn't purchased any PS5 games. He is using the PS4 games. The games are much more clear and has much better definition. As soon as they start releasing more PS5 games I know we will pick them up.Read full review...
description: The next gen PlayStation is a powerful gaming machine. It’s also quiet even when playing for long hours. The enhanced graphics and the interface itself is amazing. The controller fits nicely in hands also. Read full review...
description: It is the best in the next generation of gaming systems.  The speed of the games loads fast and game play is a lot of fun!   Right now you will pay a premium to get one of the first versions, so it might be better to wait for the supply to catch up to the demand.  Read full review...
description: Great Product, Fast CPu and very good visuals.
description: Best gaming console ever made. Huge upgrade from ps4 unlike ps3 to ps4. It looks like a piece of art on my tv stand. Graphics,load times,frames per second all a huge upgrade. Highly recommend buying.
description: Great counsel.  Graphics, speed, performance is all amazing.  Downloading games online was surprisingly fast, as well as load speeds onto online games.  But the best part in my opinion is that it’s super quit!  My ps4 playing Cold War sounded like a jet plane even with the extra fan attached, I have no fan attached on my ps5 and it barely makes any noise.Read full review...
description: Love the new PS5! From the new dashboard to the new Dualsense controllers to the upgraded graphics for some PS4 games, I'm just loving everything about the console! No regrets buying it! Thankfully, I'm not encountering any of the problems that have been reported recently (controller stick drift, console getting bricked from being put in rest mode, etc.). So I would highly, highly recommend getting one if you can. 👍🏼👌🏽Read full review...
description: Great picture and super fast loading of games. Can't wait to be able to buy and rent movies though. Playstation kind of dropped the ball on that one.
description: So thankful I was able to purchase a PS5 after-market! It was the perfect gift for my 12 year old.
description: Purchased this PS5 for my boyfriend for his birthday. So glad I made the purchase even though it was more than retail value. He says the graphics are awesome, way faster in downloading games etc. controller very interactive too. Read full review...
description: Thank you!! For the PlayStation 5, it was perfect! My boyfriend loves it !!
description: The console is awesome runs quite and load times are super fast. The new controller has a very comfortable feel it’s a great upgrade from the previous controllers.
description: What an amazing console! I’ve had every console since the Atari VCS and this is one of the best. The new controller is amazing and the graphics, loading times, and games are amazing.
description: The ps5 is great! I bought it for my son who's ps4 had issues with alot of games over heating and shutting off so he couldn't play those one. With the PS5 he is able to play them all.
description: Step up from my non 4K ps4. Love the controller and the graphics are amazing. Need more storage though.
description: awesome system graphics are  really nice. runs so smooth
description: A wonderful console, I just love playing on it. And the disc version is great for movies and physical games.
description: Great product, worth the third party purchase.
description: Finally got one I’m pleased with the ps5 looking forward to years of game time
description: I have been a playstation owner since the 2. I have always loved their visuals. The 5 is great. It definitely is the best one so far. I am thrilled to finally gave one
description: I got tired of waiting to get one from a store so buy one for just over 700. In my opinion after having it a almost month it well worth the $700 so obviously if you can find one cheaper you should snag itRead full review...
description: The console is worth the high price, the graphics on a 4K TV are phenomenal! Look forward to more new games coming out soon now that people are getting back to work.
description: 16 year old loves it - says it's the best EVER
description: Great system with very fast download speeds.  I paid more than I should have but I wanted it and I got it.  Def a great system.  Very happy.
description: My grandson was so surprised and happy!  He says it is so much quieter than his previous version.  I may have spent way more than others would, but as long as my grandson is happy, it was worth it.
description: I'm so excited I finally got my ps5 I haven't had a chance to play it but I hooked it up and to make sure it works and It did I'm happy thank you ebay for getting it me with no problems l.
description: way over charged me. i guess its ok to over charge people when you dont care. your just buying one to be a jerk and he didnt put proper shipping packing in box box was dameged.
description: Sleek and detailed. Clear graphics
description: I know it’s hard to come across a PS5 these days but I’m glad mrsjking was able to sell me one. Even though it was higher than retail I don’t think it was too much more while others are selling higher. I loved the part where I realized she lived close to me and made arrangements for a pickup. This allowed me to receive my PS5 much sooner than expected and my kids really enjoy enjoyed that. I’d buy from her again in a heart beat. Read full review...
description: Brand new like it said and everything working nothing wrong with it.i love it 😊.
description: I bought the system for 775 + tax it was 821 and some change. The system is awesome.i like many of the people felt i had no other way to get one do i coughed up the extra money and was able yo get it. All in all i would recommend the console it is awesome and really fun.Read full review...
description: We are very pleased on the purchase.  Fast to download. Awesome features.
description: Amazing graphics, fun games and good kid games too for family fun!  Console is big but it's a computer literally so I get it now that I have it.
description: Sony really did a fantastic job on this console and perhaps the best Play Station console ever. Amazing graphics, fast loading times and overall unique design. Well worth the purchase and definitely a upgrade from the PS4 pro. This console will continue to break records on sales and performance of this Newly released PS5 system. Read full review...
description: The ps5 is the next gen gaming and also the best on the market. Don’t waste time. Make that purchase.
description: I order my ps5 and got it earlier than we expected and my husband and sons love it thank you 4 making my household my content. 😍😍😍😍😍😍
description: I was a little scare to buy this at first given all the scams surrounding these. But when I received it, set it up and now playing it.. the experience is truly amazing!
description: My boyfriend enjoyed the system I have bought him for Christmas! The graphics are great, the loading times are quick, and worth getting.
description: Everything was perfect the only problem was that I was missing the power cord don't know what happened but its ok the old ps4 cord worked so I'm still happy lol
description: Everything all there added receipt like asked good work thnx bro you've jus made my sons day he just don't kno yet
description: Awesome game system. Easy to setup. Graphics are great in AC Valhalla. It’s fast!
description: There are a few kinks with 1st Gen products. This one is no different. Rest mode issues, but overall beautiful graphics and product. Very fast SSD and loading times.
description: It's a great system, even had a game built right into the console, very happy with this purchase
description: All around worth the extra fee I paid to have it through the holidays.  Graphics are great and I have the best of it by purchasing all my favorite games.
description: The console is beautiful, its working well, the controller feels amazing in my hands. Going into this was scary for me cause this is my official first time ordering something online. Thank you
description: Got this for my husband's bday and he couldn't put it down
description: Absolutely the best console I've had, and that's saying something. I have a PC with a 2080, and I consistently find myself on this instead. Great product.
description: So far the PS5 has been awesome.  Syncs much easier with my 5G wireless router!
description: My five-year-old son loves it
description: My grandkids went berserk when they opened it up on Christmas Day. They love the graphics. They play every day
description: The console is excellent. Great graphics. Quick loading. Excellent backward compatibility. Very happy with the product.
description: Love it but payed too much for it, but since everyone was buying them up and reselling for profit that’s the only choice I had to get my don his present!
description: Great system.  Delivers on high quality graphics and great game play.
description: This is a major upgrade over the PS4. From graphics to loading speed, functions more like a mini computer than a standard console.
description: Yeah so far so good, kids love it and looks great on my tv
description: Paid more than I would have if I pre-ordered it but well worth it. Seeing games at 60 frames per sec is a huge difference from the older systems. Very happy with the product.
description: Awesome system! Thank you🙏🏼The box was never opened. Everything was just as the ad described. Thank you so much again! God bless❤️
description: This is hands down the best console made to date.  It’s a great piece of hardware. Very powerful.
description: my grandson says the sony is great - I thought the price was too high but I paid it so I shouldn't complain
description: Have a great experience for my first time buying. They were every informative and friendly. Thank you again
description: I love the graphics on the ps5 I been playing the game demons souls and it is the best graphically game I have ever played thank you very much for keeping me informed on the ps5 I love it would do business with you again in the future Read full review...
description: Ps5.... very nice. There are some menu options from the 4 that I like better. The party menu is frustrating.  The 5 is overall much better obviously.
description: Excellent console, but expensive and very few games at this point in time. I do love the PS4 backwards compatibility, though.
description: My husband loves it hasn’t stopped smiling since he opened it !!!!
description: Its a ps5 u know what your getting its super fast load times r almost non existent
description: Shipper was great and really good communication. Happy with purchase.
description: The PS 5 is great, but due to high demand I paid nearly $1000 for the system don't understand why they can't keep up with the demand. Regards Tony Noordam
description: So happy to get the PS5. It is great and the load times on some of my favorite games is reduced substantially
description: Sent the item out as soon as I paid same day! Works great, my son will be happy!
description: Very nice console! Made the year much better
description: Worth every penny, little to no load times, great UI, controller is the best I’ve ever used on a console.
description: Prior to this we only had a PlayStation 2 so needless to say PlayStation 5 is a significant upgrade into the current tech times.
description: Great console, the controller take the gaming experience to another level. Great buy!
description: My grandson is very happy with this product and that makes me and my wife very happy.
description: It's next gen. What else not to like?! Load fast, PS4 backward compatible, and can play online with PS4 owners. Looking forward to upgrade the SSD hardrive in later future.
description: The PS5 works great and I'm happy that I didn't get scammed. Thank you very much.
description: I own both new gen consoles and between the two the PS5 has brought me more fun. The updated controller feels nice, the load times quick, graphics perfect, and they have plenty of good name titles to play unlike Microsoft. I feel the series x has better hardware and overall better system but it lacks the content to keep me busy and engaged. I’ve been an Xbox boy since the first one came out so caught me by surprise a bit that the console is as good as it is! Read full review...
description: One most elusive console, simple the best console of PLAYSTATION IN THIS  TIME
description: Sold-out everywhere but ebay. Made my kids extremely happy. My son is Spider-Man fan and daughter loves Ratchet & Clank. Buying PS5 here saved both time & disappointment. The extra $$$ spent is well worth being called their hero. Read full review...
description: It is an awesome system but I wish I had waited until you could purchase them for the $499 suggested retail price.  It has not increased in technology a lot from the PS 4.  I have not used it alot and I might find mur upgrades as I use it?Read full review...
description: A great entry to a new console generation by Sony. Great exclusives are in store for the console such as Ratchet and Clank, Horizon, and a couple others that I'm looking forward to. Sony did a great job far as I'm concerned. Read full review...
description: An excellent upgrade, but the market price is terribly overblown. It is much larger in size than you think.
description: Thankyou so much it arrived on time and he he can play be happy for a few days before stem cell retrieval and stem cell transplant. You did as you promised.
description: My son is in love with it,  got delivered before I was expecting right before my son's birthday, we're very happy with this product
description: It came and it works great. As described BRAND NEW!!!
description: It’s really good and it arrived to my house the second day I’m so happy and I’m enjoying it so much
description: Excellent!!! Great Christmas gift and glad I was able to get it in time.
description: I’ve heard of issues on the system and Dualsense controller, but so far I’ve had no issues and really enjoying the system so far. Love the new UI setup too.
description: Setup was simple, including data transfer from PS4. Controller is fantastic & can’t wait for more games to use it’s capabilities.
description: Google business thank you very much I love it
description: This item is completely great, I purchased on eBay and it runs amazing. It exceeded my expectations for next-gen consoles. If you want to run the next gen games with amazing performance and graphics then you won't regret your purchase of the PlayStation 5. 100% recommended to purchase this item.Read full review...
description: Unit has crashed multiple times. Hardlocks when switching from digital games to disc based titles.Avoid the PS5 until the 2021 redux
description: Runs like dream, visually enhances all games, just plain out future gaming.
description: It is AWESOME! I love its compatibility with playstation 4. I'm already playing God of War 3 on it!
description: Great graphics. Loads fast. It’s bigger than I anticipated, but I still love it
description: Great console, love the graphics and game play
description: So glad for this purchase, I did pay more money for it, but worths every cent!  Five stars console.
description: A great system! My nephew loved it at Christmas!
description: My son loves it. No complaints here...
description: Too bad I had to buy it at nearly double the MSRP. However, it is all that it was said to be. The graphics are amazing. Much better than any other console. Almost as good as the PC.
description: It’s so great. Graphics. Loading time. Amazing!
description: Great machine, my family is thoroughly enjoying it. I wish I got it at stock value, but I don’t regret buying early.
description: Got it pretty quick considering mail is slow! Easy purchase! No problems!
description: Ps5 is the best console ever! Control dualsense is absolutely the best!
description: This was bought for my son for a christmas present and he loves it. I can't keep him off it.
description: Great system and awesome graphics!  Hours of fun for the kids.  Can also watch shows through the device.
description: It is awesome loving the new console best graphics fast loading great looking console
description: Why is this a 5 star product? Well graphics are PHENOMENAL runs fast works great. VERY happy with it!
description: It has arrived and I couldn't be more happy about it, there's lots of fun games to play and the graphics look amazing to say the least
description: I’m loving this system!! It’s the best upgrade I’ve ever done!
description: At first I thought it would be a scam but when it came and my son hooked it up I was amazed and happy.
description: very fast and easy to use.
description: Son received for Christmas! He enjoyed it. He loved everything about it.
description: Received item with no issues.  I love the system its awesome.
description: I bought it for husband and he loved it . Worth every penny for the reaction.